Since late November, Scotland's five mountain resorts have attracted 373,782 customers. The ski season is estimated to have attracted £37. 5m into the local economy. With fresh snow on the slopes, CairnGorm Mountain expects skiing during the first weekend of June. Recent figures from Ski Scotland showed that this season's figures were better than the last bumper season of 2000-2001. Chair of Ski Scotland Heather Negus said: "All winter, we realised we were heading for a great season. "We had hoped to match the figure for 2001, but didn't realise we had beaten it until recently, when everything was added up - and of course, CairnGorm Mountain is still operating, so we're still counting. "It is estimated that for every pound spent on the slopes another £3 is spent in the local economy with more than £28m being spent this winter in local accommodation, cafés, bars, restaurants, shops and filling stations. Ms Negus added: "All the ski areas have been delighted to see other local businesses thriving this winter. "Everything really came together for us - we had lots and lots of superb snow, which kept on coming, some truly amazing overhead weather giving 'bluebird' conditions, and, because there was also snow elsewhere in the UK, people realised that the Scottish Highlands did have skiing and snow boarding to rival the best and they came here to enjoy it.
The action sports game, based on Mexican 'Lucha Libre' style wrestling, sees players compete in arenas used by official administrative body the AAA (Asistencia AsesorÃ­a y AdministraciÃ³n) and other traditional Mexican settings. Traditional Mexican wrestling is a fast-paced sport, with competitors donning colourful costumes, masks and make up. Popular in Mexico for more than 100 years, the sport has expanded into the United States and has started to gain fans across the globe. Players of the video game have 30 wrestling characters to choose from. As is the case in real life wrestling, the aim of the game is both to win and to avoid humiliation - in the Mask vs.  Hair contest the loser either has their head shaved on stage or forfeits their trademark wrestling mask for life; the ultimate symbol of pride for many real Lucha Libre wrestlers. To mark the launch, Hispanic publisher Slang staged a real life Lucha Libre event in the middle of E3.  The winner was Dr.  Wagner Jr, and his prize was to become the main image on the game's packaging. Due for release in August this year on all console and hand-held formats, the game will ship with a single player campaign that will let players customise and improve their character, coupled with an online match-up that sees users enter forfeit matches, such as Mask vs.  Hair. Mexican wrestlers have appeared in video games such as Tekken and Street Fighter IV before, but this is the first time that a game dedicated to Lucha Libra has been released. The developers say that future editions are already in the works.
Camilla bought a box of mangoes with a Brixton Â£10 note, introduced last year to try to keep the money of local people within the community. The couple were surrounded by shoppers as they walked along Electric Avenue. They came to Brixton to see work which has started to revitalise the borough. It was Charles' first visit to the area since 1996, when he was accompanied by the former South African president Nelson Mandela. Greengrocer Derek Chong, who has run a stall on Electric Avenue for 20 years, said Camilla had been "nice and pleasant" when she purchased the fruit. "She asked me what was nice, what would I recommend, and I said we've got some nice mangoes. "She asked me were they ripe and I said yes - they're from the Dominican Republic. "Mr Chong is one of 170 local retailers who accept the Brixton Pound. Customers exchange traditional pound coins for Brixton Pounds and then spend them at the market or in participating shops. During the visit, Prince Charles spent time talking to youth worker Marcus West, who works with children nearby on an estate off Coldharbour Lane. Mr West said: "He's on the level, really down-to-earth.  They were very cheery.  The prince is a lovely man. "He added: "I told him I was working with young kids and he said, 'Keep up all the good work. '"Prince Charles also visited the Railway Hotel, at the invitation of his charity The Prince's Regeneration Trust. The trust hopes to restore and refurbish the building, where once Jimi Hendrix and The Clash played, as a new community and business centre.
The 1949 Delahaye Roadster, which some have dubbed the most beautiful car in the world, was given to Dors when she was 17. The sky blue car has been described by auctioneers as "extravagant and outrageous - a rolling sculpture". Dors, who was seen as the British Marilyn Monroe, died in 1984 aged 52. Born Diana Mary Fluck, Dors became known as a 1950s blonde sex symbol, but was also well-respected for her acting skills. RM auctioneers said the car was curvaceous, sexy and flamboyant, just like its former owner. It was expected to sell for up to $6m but went for $3m plus a buyer's premium of 10%. The car is one of only 150 Roadsters made, and only one of 51 of its specific model - the 175S.The company stopped production in 1951 as it found there was little demand for such extravagance during that post-war period. When Dors first received the car, she did not even have a driving licence. At 20, she became the youngest owner of a Rolls-Royce in the UK - a reflection of her success at an early age. After she died, the car changed ownership several times and has in recent years been restored to its former condition. In its catalogue listing, RM Auctions says the Roadster - which has a top speed of 70mph - can "easily claim to being the most extravagant and beautiful coachbulit car in existence".
The animals, which include a leopard, two lynx and two ring-tailed lemurs, were found at Borth Animalarium, near Aberystwyth. Owners Alan and Jean Mumbray admitted not having the correct paperwork for a commercial premises in court on Monday. They were both fined and told the animals would be found new homes. Jean Mumbray was fined £937. 50 and ordered to pay costs of £250, and Alan Mumbray was fined £300 and £100 costs at Aberystwyth Magistrates' Court, said Dyfed-Powys Police. Sgt Ian Guildford, a wildlife and environmental police officer with the force, said: "The use of the licensing system to control the sale and display of protected animals is a valuable tool in the fight against the trade in endangered animals. "Anyone who is involved in dealing with protected animals on a commercial scale such as zoos and other similar establishments should be aware of this and make every effort to comply with the legislation. "Without this, compliance loopholes are left open to those who treat endangered animals as a financial commodity. "Nevin Hunter, of the Animal Health Wildlife Licensing and Registration Service, said the prosecution was "very significant" and showed that illegal use of endangered animals would not be tolerated. He added: "The vast majority of zoos and animal parks in the UK do so lawfully and play an important part in conserving endangered species. "However, those who choose to flout the regulations are on notice that we will take decisive action with police wildlife crime officers to ensure that prosecutions are taken forward. "I commend Sgt Ian Guildford, Dyfed-Powys Police, and the Crown Prosecution Service for taking forward the case and achieving this outcome.
The cash comes from chip maker Marvell which became a supporter and sponsor of OLPC in early 2009. The OLPC organisation said the grant meant it had all the development cash it needed to produce its next machine. OLPC said it would show off the first development work on the new machine at the CES show in January 2011. The cash handed over by Marvell will fund development of a tablet version of the XO - the rugged computer designed to boost education in developing nations. The device is code-named XO-3 as it will be the third device the OLPC organisation has produced.  It previously scrapped plans for the XO-2 which was to resemble an electronic book. Early prototypes of the XO-3 will likely be based on the Moby machine that Marvell already makes.  The finished XO-3 should be ready in 2012. The OLPC organisation was created with the intention of making a laptop costing only $100 that would be bought in huge quantities by poorer nations keen to get children using computers. The final machine produced by OLPC in 2007 ended up costing about $199 and did not sell in the huge quantities the group wanted.  To date about 1. 4 million XO laptops have been distributed.
The memorial, with the names of 27 local people, has been unveiled at the Unite building in Islington. The city's office block has been called Jack Jones in honour of the ardent trade unionist from Garston who was badly injured in the conflict. Unite's regional secretary Paul Finegan said: "We feel very privileged. "There were approximately 180 men and women who left the safety of Merseyside to defend the Spanish government against the might of General Francisco Franco's nationalist rebels between 1936 and 1939. Jack Jones survived the war and became the leader of the Transport and General Workers' Union.  He was heavily involved with the unions until he died aged 96 in April last year. Local historian, Danny Payne, said that although there were 27 names on the plaque, after further research it is believed that 30 people from Merseyside died fighting. They had to travel there in secret, after the UK government declared it illegal to fight in Spain as it tried to appease Hitler's huge fascist force in the lead up to the Second World War. In total, 2,500 from across the British Isles fought in the Spanish Civil War and 500 did not survive. Mr Finegan said: "The plaque used to be on the wall of the unemployed and trade union centre in Hardman Street, but since it closed years ago, it has been sent from place to place across the city. "Now it's good that it has a permanent home here, it all seems to fit together well - a newly refurbished building called Jack Jones and a memorial dedicated to those who lost their lives in the same war he fought. "The civil war ended after WWII had started.  More than 300,000 people died and the Republicans were persecuted by the victorious nationalist parties. Mr Payne added: "It was an horrific war, Franco's uprising was supported by the Hitler and Mussolini regimes so he was furnished with arms. "The Republic was short of weapons and medical supplies and it was basically strangled by the might of Franco.
Fifty-nine people had died up until and including Thursday, and 617 others had been infected, bringing the total affected to 7,359, the ministry added. The news came as the local authorities and relief agencies attempted to get clean drinking water to those areas worse affected by Hurricane Tomas. The storm caused flooding and left eight people dead in western Haiti. The charity, Save the Children, said that in Leogane, the streets had been turned into "rivers" and some 35,000 people had been affected. By Laura TrevelyanBBC News, LeoganeThe UN estimates 15,000 people in Leogane have been affected by the floods. Amercie lost her home when January's earthquake flattened this small town west of Port Au Prince.  And now her tent has been flooded because the river burst its banks. The mother-of-three is sitting opposite Leogane's cemetery, where family tombs lie on their sides, cracked in two by the quake, now surrounded by water. Amercie is worried the combination of dead bodies and stagnant water from the flooding could spread the cholera outbreak to here, where so far no cases have been reported. Next to Amercie, Jean Pierre, a farmer who just planted what he hoped would be a new crop of banana trees and yams, says the flood has washed away his plantation. His childhood home collapsed in January's quake; the house he built afterwards has just flooded.  No-one is helping, he says angrily. As we leave, the sun has come out and the flood waters are receding.  The market is open, and the merchants are selling fruit and vegetables, trying to make a living as best they can. The BBC's Laura Trevelyan in the town said the water reached her knees, and that people were afraid of the risk of disease. There was also flooding in Les Cayes, Jacmel and Gonaives, while many mountain towns have been cut off by flooded roads and landslides. There was widespread relief on Friday after Hurricane Tomas passed without destroying the tented camps in and around the capital, Port-au-Prince, housing about 1. 3 million survivors of January's earthquake. However, attention soon turned to preventing the spread of cholera, which is caused by bacteria transmitted through contaminated water or food, in the unsanitary conditions. Cholera causes diarrhoea and vomiting, leading to severe dehydration, but can kill quickly.  It is treated easily through rehydration and antibiotics. A spokesman for the Pan-American Health Organisation, Christian Lindmeier, told the Reuters news agency: "Cholera is a water-borne disease and so additional water means additional risk. ""We do expect the infection rate to jump up due to the flooding and to the bad sanitation conditions in many areas," he said. In the town of Saint Marc, in the northern region where the outbreak began three weeks ago, a Cuban doctor in charge of the local hospital said there had been more cases of cholera since the hurricane. BBC Health: CholeraCholera 'difficult to predict'"The situation here - after the storm - has worsened," Dr Buenaventura Sanchez told the Associated Press. "We are seeing higher numbers [of cases] than in the days before, and we are also seeing cases of cholera with typhoid fever at the same time. "Like cholera, typhoid is caught by consuming contaminated food or drink that has been handled by an infected person, or if contaminated sewage gets into water used for drinking or washing food.  It can also be fatal if not treated. Gary Shaye, the country director of Save the Children, said thousands of children in Leogane were now at increased risk of diarrhoeal diseases. On Friday, Haiti's government and the United Nations appealed to donors for nearly $19m to cover urgent humanitarian needs.
The ad - part of a government-funded anti violence campaign - holds a special significance at the time when many worry that an overflow of Mexico's drug violence could soon hit this small Central American nation. The first one to raise the alert was President Mauricio Funes himself, last April. "We have information that they [the cartels] have entered El Salvador with exploratory purposes," President Funes said. Because of what he described as the "effectiveness" of Mexican President Felipe Calderon's policies, the cartels were looking at new bases for their operations, he added. Since then, security forces have been watching closely to see if criminal organisations like the Zetas - one of Mexico's most violent cartels - are deploying in Salvadorean territory. The cartels' possible collusion - or confrontation - with local gangs is also being monitored. Douglas Garcia Funes from the Salvadorean national police says intelligence suggests that gang members are already "being used by or are operatives for the transport of drugs and money towards the United States, passing through Mexico". In a country with one of the highest murder rates in the world, this is a sobering scenario. It could bring more chaos to an already violent country, many Salvadoreans say - and the government seems to be bracing for the worst. "We are certainly worried, and that is why we want to act in a preventive manner," Hugo Martinez, El Salvador's foreign minister, told BBC News. In pictures: Life inside an El Salvador jailThe presence of the gangs known as "maras", born among Salvadorean migrants in Los Angeles in the 1980s, is believed to be the largest contributor to those soaring rates. Some estimates say that about 15,000 young men and women belong to one of the gangs.  In some families, a third generation of gang members is now developing. The maras have strong territorial control in some areas of the country and practice what they call "social cleansing" - they wipe out petty crime, but ask for money from locals in exchange for protection, and engage in widespread criminal activity. A retired gang member, who prefers not to be named, says that belonging to a "mara" gives young, poor Salvadoreans a sense of vindication against the larger society. "People are scared, are afraid of what a gang member can do, like stealing or killing," he says. "That is what being part of a 'mara' is about. "The maras are not new to El Salvador, but an incident in June marked a turning point. Gang members set fire to a small bus in the capital, killing 17 people.  The government branded it a "terrorist act". Soon afterwards, the government proposed a tough "anti-mara" bill that makes it a criminal offence to belong to a gang or contribute to gang finances by paying extortion fees. In addition, more than 6,000 soldiers - almost half of the army's manpower - have been deployed in hotspots around the country including border crossings, jails and areas with a strong "mara" presence. This tougher stance was seen by many as preparation for the threat of Mexican cartels moving in to El Salvador. The person who knows most about violence in El Salvador may well be Israel Ticas, a forensic investigator from the security ministry. He is the sole official in charge of the exhumation of bodies buried in clandestine graveyards by the gangs. He has already unearthed more than 38 of these graves around the country - and he believes there are dozens more still to be found. The walls of his office in the capital are covered with pictures of the bodies, many of them too hard to digest for a casual observer. They show men and women tortured, beheaded, mutilated; the violence seems to reach unimaginable levels. And, says Mr Ticas, the cruelty is only getting worse. "In the last few years, the gangs have become more sophisticated" in the way they bury their victims, he says. "They hide [the bodies] better and it is harder for us to find them - now they leave a beheaded body in one site and the head is buried five kilometres [three miles] away. "It is hard to imagine how violence in El Salvador could go any further - and that is why many fear that the arrival of foreign organised criminal groups would be a nightmare come true.
Lithuania violated an article on free elections in the European Convention on Human Rights, the ruling said. Mr Paksas was impeached and removed from office as president after the Baltic state's constitutional court found that he had abused his position. He is now a Euro MP in Strasbourg. The judgement by the Strasbourg court on Thursday is binding, meaning that Lithuania, an EU member state, will have to act on it to prevent any similar violation in future. But the judges did not award Mr Paksas compensation, saying their ruling was in itself "sufficient just satisfaction". Lithuania was found to have violated Article Three of Protocol One (Right to free elections) in the European Convention on Human Rights. In 2004 Mr Paksas became the first European head of state in modern times to be impeached and removed from office. The former Soviet republic's constitutional court found that he had illegally arranged Lithuanian citizenship for a Russian-born businessman, Yuri Borisov. But Mr Paksas, an aerobatic pilot in Soviet times, was cleared of the charge of having leaked state secrets to Russia. After the constitutional court had backed Mr Paksas's disqualification, the Lithuanian parliament adopted a new electoral rule barring anyone from becoming an MP if they had previously been dismissed in impeachment proceedings. Mr Paksas complained that the rule had been passed deliberately to bar him from office.  He also said the constitutional court had lacked impartiality and had exceeded its powers. The Strasbourg judges accepted that a breach of the constitution was "a particularly serious matter", but they argued that Mr Paksas's permanent and irreversible disqualification from running for election was disproportionate. In 2009 Mr Paksas was elected to the European Parliament.  He sits with the Europe of Freedom and Democracy group, which seeks to defend national sovereignty and prevent the further concentration of power in Brussels.
Set two years later on from This is England '86, the two-hour drama will deal with the aftermath of the events in that four-part series. "Just when I think my love affair with This is England is over, it pulls me back in," Meadows said. Channel 4 has also confirmed that This is England '90, set in the rave era, is currently in development. Picking up the action at Christmas 1988, the story will focus on the relationship between the Lol and Woody characters. Meadows told the Stage newspaper that while Channel 4 "would have happily had me go straight to 1990, I felt I needed something in-between. "Channel 4's head of drama Camilla Campbell said: "We're beyond excited that Shane, Warp Films and the cast have agreed to return with this feature length drama. "It is set to pull together a lot of story threads from '86, leaving the way clear for a new series of This is England '90. "This is England '86, which screened on Channel 4 last September, was named best TV drama at the South Bank Awards on Tuesday. The original film, written and directed by Meadows in 2006, told of an impressionable young boy who becomes involved with a gang of skinheads.
Within minutes, water cannon showered the demonstrators and there were loud thuds as tear gas canisters were fired. People ran into the side streets of this poor neighbourhood, on the edge of the capital, with their eyes streaming. "Let the world see what is happening in this country," yelled one elderly man.  "We will never stop until this. . .  government goes. "Ordinary Egyptians appear to be losing their fear of direct confrontation with the security forces.  There have been bloody and drawn out clashes all over Cairo and in some of Egypt's main cities. They have a long list of grievances and the demands are an explicit challenge to their rulers. "We want a real democratic system.  This regime of Hosni Mubarak has been in power for 30 years," declared Ahmed, a man in his 20s. "I was unemployed for five years.  I had to move to the United Arab Emirates.  This is what I was dragged into.  My son will not suffer what I have suffered.  This ends here. "When you talk to people, they tell you economic reforms have not eased the poverty of Egypt's masses, education and social services are inadequate, and they complain of high levels of corruption and  political stagnation. "We are so furious.  We must have change, better chances to work, to buy a flat and have just the life's basics," said a bank clerk clutching an Egyptian flag. "What happened in Tunisia has changed things a bit.  It knocked some sense into people. "Opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei - who joined worshippers in Giza - was swiftly moved inside the gates of the mosque as clashes began. "One, two, ElBaradei where are you?" was the cry that then went up outside. Some expressed disappointment that the Nobel Laureate - who set up the National Association for Change opposition coalition when he returned home to Egypt a year ago - had not taken a more prominent role in protests. He has put up supportive messages on his Twitter account but was absent, in Vienna, for the first "Day of Rage" on Tuesday.  He returned to Cairo on Thursday night. "I support ElBaradei, my father wants (Arab League Secretary General) Amr Musa," one man said. "We could have ElBaradei or anyone else," added Amgad, who had brought his young children along to witness the protest.  "We need change, not any specific person. "The main opposition movement, the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood, subtly changed its message ahead of the latest protests. Despite the reported arrest of some senior figures, deputy leader Mahmoud Izzat spoke encouragingly of the protests. "People are demanding freedom, the dissolution of this invalid parliament.  From the beginning this is what the young people have been shouting and we are with them," Mr Izzat told the al-Jazeera news channel. And he went on to criticise "the excessive force" of the security services. With multiple flashpoints across Egypt, many thousands of uniformed police, plain-clothed officers and paid thugs have been deployed. They line the bridges and main routes into central Cairo.  While they remain strong and well-resourced, there have been unprecedented sights. In one case, a group of protesters tried to push an armoured vehicle into the River Nile. Attempts to close down mobile phone communications and access to Facebook, Twitter and Blackberrry messenger appear to have been ineffective in preventing the co-ordination of opposition activities. Demonstrators in the capital have simply regrouped in traditional gathering places downtown - such as Ramses Square and Tahrir Square. With Egyptians tuned into Arab satellite stations to watch dramatic scenes unfold, a curfew in Egypt's main cities was announced. However, as sirens blared on the darkening streets it was unclear how effective this will be.
So what is the levy? What's really at stake? And why raise the rate now?What is the bank levy?It is an annual tax on the value of all of the debts of the UK banks (including money deposited with the banks), except that:Originally, the Treasury had planned to charge a lower rate of 0. 05% during 2011, but in February it changed its mind, and switched to the standard rate of 0. 075% from May. The standard rate was originally set at 0. 075%, but it was raised slightly in March to 0. 078%, and is now being raised again, to 0. 088%, from January. What's it for?The government thinks it will discourage banks from relying on risky forms of borrowing, which were blamed for making the 2008 crisis much more dangerous. The tax will also raise a lot of money for the government. So will this help deal with the budget deficit?The Treasury hopes the tax will bring in £2. 6bn every year. That's equivalent to 2. 1% of the Office for Budget Responsibility's forecast for the budget deficit this year. It's no small amount for the banks either.  It's equivalent to about 19% of the reported profits before tax of the big five UK banks over the 12 months to September this year - although the tax burden will be borne by more than just these five. What's risky about the type of borrowing that the government wants to discourage?Traditionally, most of the money that banks lend out comes from the deposits they receive from ordinary people and companies. But during the past decade, banks found new and more complex ways to borrow trillions of pounds from international markets. Unlike ordinary deposits, there is no natural limit on the availability of this money, as it can come from anywhere in the globe, and the same money can be recycled between the banks again and again. A lot of the debts created were very short-term - meaning the banks needed to go back to the markets to reborrow every few days. When the financial crisis hit, investors began to worry that banks might not be able to repay their debts. This caused a kind of bank run, with investors refusing to lend. Unable to refinance all of their short-term debts, even profitable banks were threatened with failure. Why are retail deposits exempt from the levy?Bank runs are popularly associated with long queues of ordinary depositors wanting to empty their bank accounts - just as happened to Northern Rock. But since the 1930s, governments have insured most of the money deposited by their citizens in order to discourage these depositor bank runs.  Indeed, the government responded to the Northern Rock crisis by promising to guarantee all of its deposits. In the UK, the first £85,000 of an individual's money is insured (it used to be £35,000 before the financial crisis). This means that most depositors do not need to worry about the safety of their money during a financial crisis, and the banks don't need to worry about all those deposits being withdrawn. So why not just insure all the banks' borrowings?The bank levy was actually first proposed to all countries by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) as a type of insurance scheme. The IMF said the money raised should be channelled into a special fund that could be used to pay for the cost of cleaning up future banking crises. However, the UK government took the view that these borrowings are inherently risky, and wanted to discourage them altogether by taxing them. If the debts were insured, lenders would see them as less risky, making them a cheaper and easier way for banks to borrow. The government's fear is that the banks would then just continue taking on more and more debt, until they became impossibly large to rescue - as proved the case in the Republic of Ireland or Iceland. Indeed, the total debts of the UK's banks had already reached a staggering 4. 5 times the size of the entire UK economy before the crisis. Some might also point out another reason why the government chose not to go for an insurance scheme. By making it a tax instead, the revenue raised can be channelled straight to the Treasury, helping to pay for the government's own spending. Why is the first £20bn of debts exempt from the tax?The government wants to encourage banks to shrink. The thinking is that the collapse of a big bank could threaten the stability of the entire financial system, whereas the failure of a small bank should not. The £20bn figure is about the size of the Coventry Building Society.  So it means banks will only pay the tax to the extent they are bigger than that. Why is the tax rate lower on long-term debts?Longer-term debts are inherently less risky. Financial crises - at least the most intense part of them - tend to be over in a matter of a few weeks or months. If a bank does not have to repay its debts for more than a year, then it can probably ride out the crisis. Will the levy really discourage banks?The tax will increase the cost of "risky" short-term borrowing for banks by just under one-tenth of a percentage point. This may seem small, but it will eat into the banks' precious margins - the difference between the interest they pay on their deposits and what they earn on their lending - which is their main source of income. However, the banks may pass some of the tax cost on to their savers (via a lower deposit rate) or their borrowers (via a higher lending rate). But to get the 0. 088% in context, the Bank of England slashed short-term borrowing costs by 5. 2 percentage points in response to the financial crisis. Why did the government want to phase the levy in?The original plan was to charge 0. 05% for 2011, before going up to the full 0. 075% rate next year (increased to 0. 078% in March). The government didn't want to raise the banks' borrowing costs at a time when their financial stability was still in question. They also did not want to sap the banks' profits too quickly. The banks might need to use all the profits they could get to rebuild their capital - their buffer against future losses - in order to meet tough new international standards being set by the Basel committee of banking regulators. So why did the government change its mind?In February, the Treasury said it wanted to charge the full £2. 6bn this year after all. It pointed to the Bank of England's latest Financial Stability Report, which painted a much rosier picture of the UK's banks. Moreover, the new Basel rules on bank capital won't take full effect until 2019, giving banks a full eight years to meet the higher standards. It probably also helped that the banks have been reporting much better profits than many would have expected a year ago. And markets seemed less and less concerned about the risk of lending to banks - at least until the eurozone debt crisis flared up since the summer of 2011. Why is the government raising the rate again?The chancellor raised the rate to 0. 088% in his Autumn Statement. According to the Treasury, the tax was not on course to raise the £2. 6bn originally planned for this year. The Treasury said that it had simply overestimated how much borrowing is done by foreign banks in the UK - and is therefore subject to the tax. It could also be that banks have been reducing their borrowing.  Foreign banks may be moving their borrowing offshore to avoid the tax. And all banks may be cutting back their borrowing and lending requirements in response to the recession, the eurozone financial crisis, and stricter regulatory requirements. Which banks will have to pay most?The Treasury does not say how much of its £2. 6bn target it expects to be paid by each bank. British banks face a bigger burden than foreign banks that do business in the UK, because the British banks must pay the levy on all their borrowing worldwide, and not just on their borrowing in the UK.That has led to suggestions that some banks - perhaps Standard Chartered, HSBC and Barclays - may relocate their headquarters to another country in order to reduce their tax bill. Moreover, the probability is that the tax will hit Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group hardest. It may seem perverse to tax most heavily the two banks in which the government has the biggest stake. But one of the reasons the government ended up owning these banks is precisely because they (in the case of Lloyds, because of its merger with the Halifax) had become too dependent on riskier forms of financing, and had to be rescued during the crisis.
The non-league club's ground at Meadow Park was completely submerged by the 2007 floods and they have been unable to play there since. The new ground will be a completely new build, within the boundaries of the old stadium, and will include flood defences. The plans will be submitted to Gloucester County Council next week. Club spokesman Mike Dunstan said: "We have regularly communicated with residents and can say that this flood defence proposal will give substantial and significant benefits to the residents and businesses of the Sudmeadow area. "GCFC flood risks consultants have been working on this proposal since 2008 with the EA (Environment Agency) to provide the solution. "Since 2007 the club has played home games at the grounds of Forest Green Rovers, Cirencester Town and Cheltenham Town. Club chairman Nigel Hughes said: "I am especially pleased for our supporters who have, throughout this very difficult time, been wonderfully supportive and extremely patient with us. "There is still much work to be done but this gives us all a big lift and is something to work towards.
The uprising is now regarded in Kenya as one of the most significant steps towards a Kenya free from British rule. The Mau Mau fighters were mainly drawn from Kenya's major ethnic grouping, the Kikuyu. More than a million strong, by the start of the 1950s the Kikuyu had been increasingly economically marginalised as years of white settler expansion ate away at their land holdings. Since 1945, nationalists like Jomo Kenyatta of the Kenya African Union (KAU) had been pressing the British government in vain for political rights and land reforms, with valuable holdings in the cooler Highlands to be redistributed to African owners. But radical activists within the KAU set up a splinter group and organised a more militant kind of nationalism. By 1952 Kikuyu fighters, along with some Embu and Meru recruits, were attacking political opponents and raiding white settler farms and destroying livestock.  Mau Mau supporters took oaths, binding them to their cause. In October 1952 the British declared a state of emergency and began moving army reinforcements into Kenya. So began an aggressively fought counter-insurgency, which lasted until 1960 when the state of emergency was ended. The number killed in the uprising is a subject of much controversy.  Officially the number of Mau Mau and other rebels killed was 11,000, including 1,090 convicts hanged by the British administration.  Just 32 white settlers were killed in the eight years of emergency. However, unofficial figures suggest a much larger number were killed in the counter-insurgency campaign. The Kenya Human Rights Commission has said 90,000 Kenyans were executed, tortured or maimed during the crackdown, and 160,000 were detained in appalling conditions. David Anderson, professor of African Politics at Oxford University, says he estimates the death toll in the conflict to have been as high as 25,000. He said: "Everything that could happen did happen.  Allegations about beatings and violence were widespread.  Basically you could get away with murder.  It was systematic. "The African Home Guard, recruited by the British, used oppressive violence as a means of controlling the population, Prof Anderson suggests. He said: "The British armed the militia, rewarded them, incentivised them, allowing them to pillage property of the nationalists. "Mau Mau families were subject to pillage by their neighbours.  People would simply walk up to the farm and walk away with things. "In addition to search-and-destroy missions against Mau Mau fighter bands operating in the forests, the British also strategically resettled Kikuyu in villages.  They also detained some 100,000 Kikuyu without trial, often for periods of between three and seven years. London law firm Leigh Day & Co lodged a claim in mid-2009 on behalf of five elderly Kenyans.  One has died since the case was lodged. The firm says its clients suffered terribly in detention camps or at the hands of British-led soldiers. Solicitor Martyn Day told the BBC: "They were put in camps where they were subject to severe torture, malnutrition, beatings.  The women were sexually assaulted.  Two of the men were castrated.  The most severe gruesome torture you could imagine. "A lot of the officers involved were white, they were controlling the violence against these Mau Mau.  It wasn't just isolated individual officers.  It was systematic.  The whole purpose was to break the Mau Mau. "The UK says the claim is not valid because of the amount of time since the abuses were alleged to have happened, and that any liability rested with the Kenyan authorities after independence in 1963. But Leigh Day & Co says the case is an "opportunity for the British government to come to terms with the past and apologise to the victims and the Kenyan people for this grave historic wrong". South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu has backed their case. "In my view, the British government's attempt to pin liability on Kenya for British colonial torture represents an intolerable abdication of responsibility," he said. "Britain's insistence that international human rights standards should be respected by governments around the world will sound increasingly hollow if the door is shut in the face of these known victims of British torture. "But it is clear that brutal violence was exacted on both sides. Prof Anderson explains: "There was lots of suffering on the other side too.  This was a dirty war.  It became a civil war - though that idea remains extremely unpopular in Kenya today. "One example was the Mau Mau raid on the "loyalist" village of Lari, where the majority of the men were away fighting with the British Home Guard.  The rebels killed more than 70, mostly women and children. Tim Simmonds, who joined the Kenyan police reserve as a tracker shortly after settling in Kenya in 1954, says the Mau Mau fighters "went on the rampage", slaughtering thousands of people, leaving him so frightened he slept under his bed for a year. While deploring the treatment of detainees in the camps, he says he has no regrets about fighting the insurgents in the bush. "They really got what they deserved.  I'm really quite tough on this.  If I had the chance again in the same situation, them killing people, would I go out and kill them again as I did? Yes sir I would. "It has long been suggested that the suppression of the Mau Mau was more brutal in nature than the action taken against other colonial uprisings across the British Empire. Some historians have posited that white settler pressure on the British government and the characterisation of the Mau Mau fighters as the epitome of savagery may have been behind this. The Kikuyu themselves were split, with "haves" often siding with the British against Mau Mau "have-nots" and many happy to take the confiscated land of their fellow villagers. Prof Anderson notes that one of the things marking the battle against the Mau Mau was the number of hangings, with capital offences extended during the emergency to include "consorting" with Mau Mau. Some attention was paid to allegations of atrocities at the time, with questions asked in parliament about 11 Africans beaten to death in a British camp at Hola. Among those who spoke out were the Labour MP Barbara Castle and the Conservative Enoch Powell, now best known for his "rivers of blood" speech. He suggested at the time that if such killings were to go unpunished Britain did not deserve an empire. "I would say it is a fearful doctrine, which must recoil upon the heads of those who pronounce it, to stand in judgment on a fellow human being and say, 'Because he was such-and-such, therefore the consequences which would otherwise flow from his death shall not flow. '"Even though the Mau Mau were thoroughly defeated by 1960, the exact reforms that nationalists had been pressing for before the uprising had started and, by 1963, Kenya was independent.
However his role as used-car salesman Arthur Daley, in the long-running TV series Minder, is the one for which he will be best remembered. His character became synonymous with dodgy dealing and phrases such as "nice little earner" and "er indoors" passed  into the national lexicon. As well as his numerous screen appearances, he also starred for 15 years in the BBC radio series A Life of Bliss, later adapted for TV.George Edward Cole was born in Tooting, south-west London  on 22 Apr 1925.  His 16 year old mother abandoned him when he was just ten days old and he was adopted by the Cole family and  brought up on a London council estate. He left school at 14 intending to work as a butcher's boy but,  following the death of his adoptive father, ran away to Blackpool where he successfully auditioned for a part in a touring musical show. In 1940, he played a Cockney evacuee in Cottage To Let, first on stage and then on film.  He had gone to the audition for the stage version purely to accompany a friend but ended up getting the part himself. "I was always in plays at school and in school concerts," he said.  "You could say I liked to show off. "Together with his adoptive mother, he was taken in by the  actor Alistair Sim and his wife, Naomi, and appeared with Sim in a number of plays. The Sims ruthlessly worked on ironing out his cockney vowels, determined that he shouldn't be type-cast. Cole joined the RAF in 1943, where he trained as a wireless operator.  When it was discovered that his eyesight wasn't good he was removed from flying duties and transferred to Coastal Command HQ in Northwood before going to Allied occupied Germany to run the bar in an officers' mess. After the war he returned to acting and, by his late 20s, was a veteran of more than 30 films, few of them memorable, including a role as the love interest of a newly-emerging starlet called Joan Collins, in the 1951 film Bikini Babe. He did have a small role in Laurence Olivier's epic production of Henry V and was, at the time of his death, the last survivor of the huge cast. In 1953, he took over the role of David Bliss, the somewhat bumbling bachelor in the BBC radio comedy, A Life of Bliss.  The series ran for 118 episodes, transferring briefly to television in the early 1960s. It was the 1954 film, The Belles of St Trinian's that brought him to the attention of a  wider audience and, incidentally, allowed him to establish the character of the cockney rogue that he would later portray in Minder. As the spiv, Flash Harry, he was a ready source of nylons for the girls in the school and drink for the teachers.  The film featured his mentor, Alistair Sim in the dual roles of the headmistress and her crooked brother. He would go on to reprise the role in Blue Murder at St Trinian's in 1957, Blue Murder at St Trinian's in 1960 and The Great St Trinian's Train Robbery in 1966. He was seldom out of work, proving to be a versatile performer who could turn his hand to serious roles, as in The Inspector Calls and musicals like It's a Wonderful World. There was a minor role in the Taylor/Burton version of Cleopatra in 1963 and he even turned his hand to horror in the 1970s, with The Vampire Lovers, which shocked many with its lesbian love scenes. The following year, in another horror film, Fright, he found himself working alongside a young actor named Dennis Waterman - later to star alongside him in Minder. Cole was also shortlisted for the part of the butler, Hudson, in the London Weekend period drama, Upstairs, Downstairs, a role that eventually went to Gordon Jackson. He remained much in demand appearing in a variety of roles.  These included playing the  potter, Josiah Wedgewood in a BBC drama, The Voyage of Charles Darwin and the unscrupulous MP, Sir Giles Lynchwood, in the BBC adaptation of Tom Sharpe's novel, Blott on the Landscape. In one scene of the latter production his character, a secret fetishist,  was left naked, trussed and bound on a bed by a  good natured, but particularly forgetful call girl, memorably played by Julia McKenzie. He also played the author, George Maple, in the BBC sitcom, Don't Forget to WriteIn 1979 he was offered the part of Arthur Daley in a comedy-drama called Minder, a role that would come to define his career. The character reflected the entrepreneurial era of Thatcher's Britain.  "In an era of greed, he was fairly greedy, but also so unsuccessful," Cole once recalled.  "He had the appeal of the eternal loser. "Originally written as a vehicle for Dennis Waterman, Cole was not the first choice for the part but Waterman's preference for the actor, Denholm Eliot, was overruled by the producers, much to Waterman's annoyance. "We circled round each other for three or four days," Cole later recalled.  But the pair soon became close friends and developed a rapport on set that saw them improvising scenes to good effect. The drama ran for eleven series, with Gary Webster replacing Dennis Waterman as Terry in 1991, and delivered huge ratings figures for ITV.It also made Cole an unlikely pop star when  his duet with Dennis Waterman, "What Are We Gonna Get 'Er Indoors?", reached the UK Top Thirty in 1983. Although Cole was approaching 70 when Minder finally ended, he continued to work regularly into the new century with guest appearances in a number of series, including Midsomer Murders, and various film roles. He married the actress Eileen Moore in 1954 and the couple had two children.  They divorced in 1962 after she left him for someone else.  Cole subsequently married another actress, Penny MorrellA genial and warm-hearted man, Cole always had mixed feelings about the wheeler-dealer character that had brought him fame and fortune. "I've earned a few sovs from him over the years, so I shouldn't complain, but he was a rogue; a dreadful character, really.  I'd certainly lock up the silver if he was coming to dinner.
An ISI official told the BBC the compound in Abbottabad where Bin Laden was killed by US forces on Sunday had been raided several years ago. But the compound "was not on our radar" since then, the official said. The government of Pakistan has categorically denied any knowledge of the raid before it took place. No base within Pakistan was used by US forces, the ministry of foreign affairs said in a statement. It went on: "US helicopters entered Pakistani airspace making use of blind spots in the radar coverage due to hilly terrain. "However, the ministry defended the ISI, saying: "As far as the target compound is concerned, ISI had been sharing information with CIA and other friendly intelligence agencies since 2009. "Bin Laden, 54, was the founder and leader of al-Qaeda.  He is believed to have ordered the attacks on New York and Washington on 11 September 2001, as well as a number of other deadly bombings. The ISI official gave new details of the raid, saying Bin Laden's young daughter had said she saw her father shot. He told the BBC's Owen Bennett-Jones in Islamabad that the compound in Abbottabad, just 100km (62 miles) from the capital, was raided when under construction in 2003. It was believed an al-Qaeda operative, Abu Faraj al-Libi, was there. But since then, "the compound was not on our radar, it is an embarrassment for the ISI", the official said.  "We're good, but we're not God. "He added: "This one failure should not make us look totally incompetent.  Look at our track record.  For the last 10 years, we have captured Taliban and al-Qaeda in their hundreds - more than any other countries put together. "The compound is about a kilometre from the Pakistan Military Academy - the country's equivalent of West Point or Sandhurst. The ISI official also gave new or differing accounts of some of the events of Sunday's raid.  They included:The official said it was thought the Americans wanted to take away the surviving women and children but had to abandon the plan when one of the helicopters malfunctioned. By Owen Bennett-JonesBBC News, IslamabadClearly there were people helping Bin Laden in this location. . .  were they state employees, were they simply from Taliban-related groups, were they from the intelligence agencies?For all Americans may ask the questions, I doubt they will get any answers.  There will be ambiguity about this and the Pakistanis will deny they had any knowledge whatsoever. The establishment here is made up of army leadership, intelligence agency leadership and some senior civil servants, and they have always run Pakistan, whether democratic governments or military governments, and those people do have connections with jihadis. The difficulty the West has is in appreciating there are more than 20 different types of jihadi organisations, and al-Qaeda is just one of them.  The state has different policies towards different types of group and that subtlety is often lost on Western policy-makers. The helicopter was destroyed by the special forces unit. The US has not commented on anyone it captured or had planned to capture, other than saying it had taken Bin Laden's body. The ISI official said the organisation had recovered some documents from the compound. The CIA is already said to be going through a large number of hard drives and storage devices seized in the raid. The White House has not disclosed whether anyone has claimed the $25m (Â£15m) reward for leading the US to Bin Laden. White House counter-terrorism adviser John Brennan said there had been concern Pakistani forces would deploy to counter the US Navy Seal team conducting the raid but it had avoided any confrontation. The ISI official said: "We were totally caught by surprise.  They were in and out before we could react. "Our correspondent says residents near the compound in Abbottabad reported that Pakistani soldiers had asked them to switch off their lights an hour before the attack, but the ISI official said this was not true and that it had no advance knowledge of the raid. Earlier, in an opinion piece in the Washington Post, President Asif Ali Zardari admitted Bin Laden "was not anywhere we had anticipated he would be". But he denied the killing suggested Pakistan was failing in its efforts to tackle terrorism. Mr Zardari said Pakistan had "never been and never will be the hotbed of fanaticism that is often described by the media". "Such baseless speculation may make exciting cable news, but it doesn't reflect fact," he said. "Pakistan had as much reason to despise al-Qaeda as any nation.  The war on terrorism is as much Pakistan's war as it is America's. "Mr Brennan had said it was "inconceivable that Bin Laden did not have a support system" in Pakistan.  He estimated Bin Laden had been living in the compound in Abbottabad for five or six years. Pakistani Foreign Secretary Salman Bashir tried to draw a line under the matter, saying: "Who did what is beside the point. . .  This issue of Osama Bin Laden is history. "Bin Laden was America's most wanted man but had eluded capture for more than a decade. US officials say that after DNA tests they are "99. 9%" sure that the man they shot and killed and later buried at sea was Bin Laden. US President Barack Obama watched the entire operation in real time in the White House with his national security team. Mr Brennan said: "The minutes passed like days. "CIA director Leon Panetta narrated via a video screen from a separate Washington office, with Bin Laden given the code name Geronimo. Mr Panetta's narration lasted several minutes.  "They've reached the target. . .  We have a visual on Geronimo. . .  Geronimo EKIA (enemy killed in action). "Mr Obama said: "We got him. "Bin Laden, his son Khalid, trusted personal courier Sheikh Abu Ahmed and the courier's brother were all killed, along with an unidentified woman. Bin Laden was shot above his left eye, blowing away a section of his skull, and was also shot in the chest. The BBC's Andrew North in Washington says the White House is still discussing whether to release a video that was made of Bin Laden's burial from an aircraft carrier in the Arabian Sea, which some Islamic scholars have said did not conform with tradition. Our correspondent says many people will want proof that Bin Laden is dead but the White House will be concerned about the reaction if the video, and still photographs of the body, are released.
Highlands and Islands Fire and Rescue Service recorded the acreage of several of the most serious of the 73 heath and grass fires its crews have tackled. The 332-acre total includes 100 acres burnt in Locaber on 1 May, but does not take into account all land affected. Landowners contributed more than Â£1m towards the cost of the fire fighting. The Scottish Rural Property and Business Association (SRPBA), which has provided the figure, said private landowners and estates supplied staff, specialist equipment and paid for helicopters to water-bomb flames. Highlands and Islands Fire and Rescue Service (HIFRS) said the majority of wild fires in its area were now out. Parts of Aberdeenshire, Argyll and Fife were also affected during a dry and windy spell of weather. Crews tackled flames on the Balmoral Estate in Aberdeenshire, while smoke from a fire near Tyndrum temporarily closed the A82 in Argyll. The north-west Highlands was the worst hit. Since the start of the month, 150 acres of burning heath were tackled by crews from Fort William, Newtonmore and Kilchoan. Acharacle and Mallaig dealt with a 100-acre heath fire, while crews from Stornoway and South Lochs extinguished a 24-acre grass fire on Lewis. Dunvegan, Portree and Uig crews extinguished a wild fire that burnt 40 acres on Skye. Hampden Park in Glasgow, Scotland's national stadium, sits in 33 acres bought in 1903. HIFRS has praised firefighters and the public for their help in dealing with the incidents. SRPBA Highlands and Islands regional manager, Drew McFarlane-Slack, said private landowners and their employees had played their part. He said: "Many of our members have made a huge effort over the last week investing significant time and resources supporting and working with the fire and rescue service and their neighbouring landowners like the National Trust for Scotland and the RSPB to fight the fires. "This is despite the majority of affected land falling outwith our members' own estates.
Thousands more had official guest status and got a slightly closer view from inside the spaceport itself.  A magnificent morning ascent for the youngest of the Nasa spaceplanes as it began its final mission - the delivery of the $2bn Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer (AMS) instrument to the International Space Station. There will, however, be a group of British engineers for whom Monday's lift-off was a bitter-sweet moment.  These are the people whose technology got dropped from AMS in the year before launch. For those not familiar with this story, let me back up and reprise events.  They have some potentially fascinating implications for deep space travel. AMS is one of the most expensive science experiments ever put in space - probably the most expensive. It has taken a group of 600 or so researchers from 16 nations a total of 17 years to prepare it for flight.  It promises some dramatic new insights into the origin and make-up of the cosmos. AMS will do this by studying the storm of high-energy particles (cosmic rays) that are hurled at Earth from the deepest reaches of the Universe. Critical to its operation is a very strong magnet.  As the particles enter AMS, they will bend through this magnet.  How they bend reveals their charge, a fundamental property that says a great deal about the nature of those particles and where they came from. The UK at a programmatic level never got involved in AMS, presumably because it was a space station project (and the UK doesn't engage with human spaceflight), but one British company was contracted to build the all-important magnet. Scientific Magnetics (formerly Space Cryomagnetics) of Culham, in Oxfordshire, spent 12 years developing this super-cooled beast, and it was - so the project leaders on AMS told me - a marvel. It was incredibly powerful and directed its entire field inwards, like an enclosed bubble.  From the outside, the magnet appeared as an inert beer can. This was really important because if you put such a device on a shuttle or a space station and it hasn't been carefully designed, it will start to interact with its surrounding - even try to orientate itself with the Earth's magnetic field.  Not what you want on a space vehicle. But to cut a long story short, the British magnet's super-fluid-helium cooling mechanism meant that it was only ever going to be a short-lived device.  And when the space station's life was extended last year to 2020, the AMS project leaders took the decision to remove the UK magnet and replace it with a less powerful, but much longer-lived, Chinese one. Now, as I say, this is a story with some interesting outcomes. The British magnet is currently sitting in store at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (Cern) where AMS was assembled and tested, and there's a lot of interest in seeing its technology put to other uses. The first of these is astronaut protection.  The cosmic rays that AMS is trying to characterise are particles that also represent a hazard to humans in space. When astronauts eventually go beyond the space station - back to the Moon, and on to asteroids and Mars - they will need to shield themselves from these high-energy particles.  The idea of using a powerful magnetic field to do this job is being investigated Dr Roberto Battiston, the deputy principal investigator on AMS. He told me:"We continue to work to understand how this technology could be used for future shielding of astronauts undergoing long exposure, for instance at a Moonbase or on a trip to Marsâ€¦ because this is by far the most advanced super-conducting magnet-design ever built and completed for a space mission.  It is not going to fly but it had everything that would allow it to fly. "The European Space Agency asked me to submit a proposal for a feasibility study and [Scientific Magnetics] is part of it. "We would design the magnet in a different way to the AMS one.   AMS was designed to have a very strong magnetic field within an inner bore.  By modifying the coils and the currents, we can design a magnetic field confined in an external ring surrounding an inner bore that is magnetic-field free.  In this internal module will be the habitable part for the astronauts - where they will live.  We are talking about something having a diameter of about five to six metres and the length of 10m - surrounded by this magnetic field that is intense enough to bend away cosmic rays coming from deep space. "There are immense practicalities to overcome, of course.  These special magnets get their strength because they are superconducting.  This means running them at cryo-temperatures, which demands a lot of liquid helium. This has a tendency to boil off over time, limiting the life of your device, which brings us back to AMS. All that said, Professor Battiston is encouraged by the research.  He says it should be possible to limit radiation exposure on a Mars flight to something similar to that currently experienced by astronauts on a six-month stay at the space station. The other big space application for which British magnet technology might be useful is in the plasma rockets that could one day propel all spacecraft. These rely on the motion of highly excited gases, or plasmas, moulded by magnetic fields to provide thrust.  Although they don't give the initial big kick you get from chemical combustion, their supreme efficiency means they can go on thrusting for extended periods, achieving far more acceleration per kilogram of fuel consumed.  Proponents of plasma rockets say they could dramatically cut the journey time to Mars from months to weeks. Scientific Magnetics has already produced a superconducting magnet for a testbed at Ad Astra in Texas, the company at the forefront of this propulsion technology. Steve Harrison from Scientific Magnetics told me:"These rockets use radio frequency heating to generate the plasma and then the magnets contain the plasma in the same way they do in a tokomak fusion reactor.  The magnets are profiled such that they form a sort of nozzle out the back; and because the plasma is expanding and supersonic, it flies out and gives you thrust.  For the system Ad Astra has been testing for the last two years, we designed and built the super-conducting magnet. "Similar obstacles to the magnetic shield prevent immediate adoption of the propulsion application as well, especially if the propulsion magnets incorporate cryogenic liquids, but both concepts are definitely worth watching for the future.
After the ignominious fall of Presidents Ben Ali in Tunisia and Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, it was widely noted that these events disproved the 'Arab exception' - the belief, held in the face of mountains of contradictory evidence, that Arabs did not want democracy. But the overwhelming focus on the "demand-side" of an uprising lost sight of something more important: that the "market for revolution" cannot clear if the army is both able and willing to use overwhelming force.  In other words, armies control the "supply-side" of revolution. History is replete with abortive awakenings, in which the supply constraint has choked off change: Europe 1848, Hungary 1956, Prague 1968, Beijing 1989, and - what may turn into the tragic footnote to the Arab Spring - Bahrain 2011.  Syria could be appended to that list in short order. This is about much more than raw coercive capacity.  Both South Korea's army in 1987 and Egypt's this year could have put up stiff resistance to the movements that swept away incumbent dictators.  Why did they hold their fire?The answer lies in civil-military dynamics.  Armies that have their own identity, that possess a corporate existence separate from their political masters, often choose to manage political transition rather than simply squelch it.  They see a future beyond the regime. In Turkey, Pakistan, and now Egypt, the army has judged that it can enjoy its economic and political privileges by controlling the scope and direction of change. In fact, outright repression would tarnish the invaluable national credentials each institution enjoys, largely as a result of its own myth-making and manipulation. Egypt's army did try to dislodge the masses in Tahrir Square.  But when it realised it could not do so without enormous bloodshed that would also wash away the institution's veneer, it shied away. On the other hand, armies that are little more than outgrowths of an autocratic regime know that they have no institutional future if protesters get their way. In Syria, 70% of career soldiers and 80% of officers are drawn from the ruling minority Alawite clan.  Those units employed in crackdowns and massacres, such as the Fourth Division controlled by President Bashar al-Assad's brother, are all-Alawite, as are key intelligence organisations and militias. These armies - like Bahrain's security forces and Libya's elite brigades - may be disciplined and cohesive, but they are not professional.  Since their fate is bound up with that of the regimes, they have little compunction in unleashing violence. It is this distinction, between independent and servile armies, that is one of the most important parameters in determining the trajectory of an uprising. An independent, professional army, no matter how powerful, will have appealing alternatives to bloodshed.  That doesn't guarantee a democratic revolution - see the sorry paths of 1980s Turkey or 1990s Pakistan - but it does enable a change. Armies with a distinct corporate identity can produce dangerous Praetorian states - where the military exercises undue influence over the political regime - but they can also enable peaceful transitions. For those armies that opt for violence, capacity does matter.  The archetypal case remains Tiananmen Square.  Even though 3,500 PLA officers disobeyed orders in 1989, this was only a fraction of the overall total used in the crackdown. It helped that the PLA's 27th Army was at the forefront; this unit's troops were from northern Shaanxi Province, speaking a different dialect to the student protesters. Bahrain learnt this lesson well, and spent years importing Sunni mercenaries from Pakistan.  They have proved to be ready to fire on Shia protesters. The Iraqi army, a mostly Sunni force, had similarly little compunction about brutally putting down the 1991 uprising in Shia and Kurdish parts of the country. In Syria, the Assad regime cynically uses Christian and Druze troops against Sunni targets. The UAE has gone a step further, reportedly hiring Blackwater founder Erik Prince to help establish an all-mercenary force of about 800 foreign fighters. Ethnic difference matters. Nonetheless, most armies do not enjoy the Tiananmen option.  A weak army, or one where only select units are equipped and led by regime loyalists, will quickly disintegrate into patchwork militias. In Libya, eastern units peeled away from Gaddafi at the outset of the conflict, sowing the seeds of a civil war.  What could have been another Hama - the 1982 massacre perpetrated by an earlier incarnation of the Assad regime in Syria - became something much less simple. All of this is not to neglect the demand-side of revolution.  After all, Saudi Arabia and Qatar have all been largely quiet, and not just because of fear. But with the understandable romanticisation of raw protest, we lose sight of the fact that massed crowds are but one ingredient of successful regime change. For those peering into these restive states, this is a reminder that capacity-building in the absence of professionalisation simply produces more efficient slaughter. Britain trained and equipped some of the Libyan special forces who inflicted such horrors on cities like Misrata.  Western states continue to train Saudi forces, and this may well have much the same effect. For those that find this improbable, consider that six months ago Bahrain was considered a humane and liberalising country whose parliamentary institutions obviated the need for a crackdown. The more immediate lessons may be these: parts of Yemen's splintered forces have proven flexible enough to manoeuvre away from the Saleh regime, and might yet fall in line behind a transitional government that emerges. Syria's sectarian army, on the other hand, will not go down without a fierce fight - one that they have an excellent chance of winning. Shashank Joshi is an Associate Fellow at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI), a defence think-tank in London, and a doctoral student of international relations at Harvard University.
Goals from Ellen White and Rachel Yankey set up a game against France in Leverkusen on Saturday. "We had a game plan, the girls implemented it, we've topped the group and it can only increase our confidence," Powell told BBC Sport. "We were very, very good and I'm so proud of how well the girls played. "England needed to avoid defeat against Japan to be sure of reaching the last eight. They got off to the perfect start when White's lob put them ahead after 15 minutes, with Yankey's clever finish in the second half wrapping up the points. "The ambition was to get out of the group," added Powell.  "We're still in the competition, we're not going home and that is brilliant for England. "We made some changes to the team and they worked out, but we always knew it was going to be a squad game.  Our opponents from now on doesn't matter. "Sophie Bradley was enormous, Jess Clarke did a job in the first half, we changed a few things and the girls did really well. "White, who impressed throughout the game and could have had a second goal when her acrobatic volley was tipped over, admitted scoring was a dream come true. "It's indescribable, the feeling of scoring in a World Cup," said White.  "It's the pinnacle of your career to play in this tournament. "I don't know what came over me for that," she said of her near-miss.  "I was pretty unlucky but I'm pleased I got on the scoresheet to help the team. "We stuck together as a team and implemented the game plan, which we try and do every game but this one really worked. "We always had somebody kind of filling in, always there pressing the ball and worked really hard for 90 minutes and got the end product. "I think we deserved to win the game in the end.  I'm so pleased we got the three points and we topped the group. "We know that if you want to be the best you have to beat the best, so we're happy to take anyone on now we're in the quarters. "They are a great team, Japan, and they put up a real fight and it was a hard game so it was a great win for us and a good team performance.
City thought a £40m deal had been agreed for the Argentine striker after he told the Premier League outfit he wanted to return to South America. But Corinthians said there was not enough time to sign the the 27-year-old before the Brazilian transfer window closes at 0400 BST on Thursday. Corinthians still want Tevez and hinted an agreement can be reached in January. It had appeared that the former West Ham forward had got his wish for a transfer but then in a statement, Corinthians said: "The board of Sporting Club Corinthians hereby officially announce the impossibility of hiring the Argentine striker Carlos Tevez. "While acknowledging the efforts of Manchester City and all involved in the negotiation, more time is needed for the transfer to be achieved, given that the window to sign players from abroad closes on Wednesday, 20 July [Brazilian time]. "We are aware of the dream our fans had of having this player at Corinthians again and we look forward to him being with us in the near future. "That would indicate that Corinthians may look to revive the deal in the January transfer window, although that would not be the preferred option of Tevez or his current club. Tevez, who had a spell at Corinthians from 2005 to 2006, originally asked City for a transfer in December and has since reiterated that desire to leave so he can be closer to his family in Argentina. However, there are few clubs who can match the asking price of about £40m. Corinthians' move for Tevez - which emerged on Monday - was believed to be funded by a new television deal for Brazilian clubs. But the Sao Paulo side's response to City's demand for a proper payment schedule on Tuesday was perhaps a sign the transfer would not have gone smoothly. The breakdown of Tevez's transfer to Corinthians also leaves City manager Roberto Mancini's proposed move for Atletico Madrid striker Sergio Aguero in doubt. Tevez, who is contracted to City until 2014, has been a key player for the club since arriving from neighbours Manchester United in 2009. He helped Mancini's side to FA Cup success and Champions League qualification in the 2010/2011 campaign.  He has scored 43 Premier League goals in his two seasons at City - the highest total of any player in the top division.
Pham Minh Hoang had written articles that "blackened the image of the country", according to the judge at the trial in Ho Chi Minh City. Hoang, 56, admitted having joined an opposition group but said his writings were not aimed at overthrowing anyone. Human rights activists say dozens of government critics in Vietnam have been given long jail terms in recent years. France's foreign ministry had earlier voiced "serious concern" about Hoang's case. His family has said he will appeal against the sentence. His wife, Le Thi Kieu Oanh, said she was "utterly shocked" by the court's decision. "I am losing hope. . .  but as a wife, I will fight until the very end," she told the BBC's Newshour programme. Hoang, who was said to have written 33 articles under the pen name Phan Kien Quoc, asked for leniency, saying he did not know he was breaking the law. "My writings were not aimed at overthrowing anyone," he told the court.  "I only pointed out the negative things in society, and I think the country needs to be more democratic. "His lawyer said Hoang was only exercising his right to free speech, and drew from his experience in France "where there is a civilised education environment". Subversion has become an increasingly common charge brought against democracy activists in Vietnam - resulting in sentences of up to 15 years in prison, says Nga Pham of the BBC's Vietnamese service. But Hoang received the more lenient jail term of three years for a number of reasons; he is a French citizen, and although he confessed to belonging to the banned opposition group Viet Tan, he said he was not acting under its instruction. Viet Tan is a California-based pro-democracy group that Vietnam considers a terrorist organisation.  The US has said there is no evidence to suggest that Viet Tan is a terrorist group.
Now the carmaker has confirmed that it will release an all-new version of the Defender in 2015. A concept car on which the new Defender will be based is set to make its public debut at next month's Frankfurt motor show. Arguably, the overhaul cannot come too soon for a vehicle that now feels hopelessly outdated next to the company's latest offering, the Range Rover Evoque. Going from a rugged Defender to a flashy-looking Evoque is a major step. However, whether it is a step in the right direction is not clear - it really depends on what you want. With its roomy, minimalist cabin and a square body, which many say only looks better once it has had a few knocks, the current Defender is obviously better suited as a serious workhorse. But for the fashion-conscious who prefer a more comfortable ride and a lavishly fitted out interior, the Evoque might be a better bet. The same may well be true for Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), the UK-based Tata Motors subsidiary that hopes to boost the profits it makes from both Range Rover and Land Rover vehicles. Land Rover is eager to conquer new markets at a time when competent rivals are enjoying great success in attracting farmers, workers and soldiers, offering them working vehicles that are often both better and cheaper than the Defender. Land Rover's global brand director, John Edwards, is hopeful the Evoque's lightweight construction and relatively low fuel consumption and emissions make it well suited to the job. "This car will be our best-selling model," he says in an interview with BBC News, predicting that it will outsell Land Rover's Freelander, Discovery and Defender models, as well as the full-size Range Rover and Range Rover Sport. "The sports utility vehicle (SUV) market is growing, but downsizing, and the premium market is growing in general," he observes.  "This meets those two trends quite well. "Crowned Car of the Year 2011 by Auto Express, the Evoque is expected to broaden Land Rover's customer base. About half the buyers of the compact Evoque SUV are expected to be women, compared with just a quarter of Land Rover's current customers, and it is also expected to appear to a younger audience. Many of them will probably opt for a cheaper and more frugal two-wheel-drive version, rather than one kitted out with four-wheel-drive. Moreover, some 80% of the Evoques, which will be made at Land Rover's Halewood factory, will be sold abroad. "We intend it to be a global car," Mr Edwards says. But the Evoque is more than just a response to the market, according to Land Rover's managing director, Colin Green. "With previous cars like the Freelander and Discovery, we've been looking at emerging segments, whereas with the Evoque we're trying to identify 'white space'," he tells BBC News in an interview. "The design has led the package, rather than the functionality leading the design. "That seems to be a major change in philosophy for Land Rover, which has traditionally been one of the most pragmatic, problem-solving companies in the motor industry. It is also a strategy that is changing the company's makeup, with its upmarket Range Rover models destined to outshine its Land Rover models. "I think Range Rover will make up more than 50% of sales by 2030," Mr Green says. This might suggest a shift away from the company's core offroad values. But Mr Edwards is eager to stress that the Evoque is "just as capable, if not more capable on some surfaces, than some of our other models". "They offer luxury, plus the Land Rover capability," he says. Driving the Evoque on rutted tracks in Snowdonia makes it clear that the company's smaller, cheaper Range Rover is not a soft-roader.  It is a perfectly able offroad vehicle, even when faced with fairly serious challenges. And with most of its offroad capabilities controlled by electronics, such as an adaptive damping system, it is also much smoother in the rough, with little room for human error by the button-pressing iPad generation that is expected to be buying it. That prompts the question: redesign or no redesign, is the Defender quite simply obsolete?"It's very long in the tooth," acknowledges Mr Edwards, though he nevertheless insists the Defender remains relevant. "It's very important that we don't forget Land Rover and its capability.  We are working very hard on the non-Range Rover badge products in our range. "Replacing [the Defender] is going to be quite a challenge, but also an opportunity," says Mr Edwards.  "But we're definitely doing it. "We'll want to replace the car as it currently occupies the market.  We certainly don't want to move it upmarket and become a sort of 'Range Rover Defender'.  That doesn't work at all. ""One of our problems in the past looking to replace the Defender has been to get the business case together," observes managing director Mr Green.  "Military contracts are fine, but you might get 5,000 orders one year, 200 the next. "A more promising market might be in developing countries such as Brazil, Russia, India and China, where working vehicle sales are booming in parallel with rapid economic growth that is predicted to continue for decades yet. To succeed in these markets, a new Defender will need to be able to compete on both price and quality.  It will  need to be both cheaper - so the cost of production will need to come down - and better, in terms of both capabilities and fuel economy. And that may well prove an even trickier challenge than the creation of an urban warrior with designer looks.
The man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to intercept voicemail messages and attempting to pervert the course of justice. The arrest took place by appointment at a north London police station; the man is in police custody. He has been bailed to a date in mid January 2012. He was arrested by officers from Scotland Yard's fresh investigation into phone hacking, Operation Weeting. On Tuesday, a 71-year-old Stuart Kuttner, an ex-News of the World managing editor, was rearrested and bailed as part of the phone-hacking probe. Mr Kuttner was originally arrested on 2 August on suspicion of conspiring to intercept communications and corruption, and bailed. He has now been bailed to a date in September, the Metropolitan Police said. The Met's Operation Weeting is investigating illegal hacking of the mobile phone voicemails of public figures by the now-defunct News of the World newspaper. The latest arrest is the 15th to be made on suspicion of phone hacking since Operation Weeting was launched in January.  It happened just after midday. BBC home affairs correspondent Tom Symonds said the age of the arrested person suggested someone more junior compared to some of the more senior executives who have been arrested by the police so far. It is a long-running investigation and there would almost certainly be further arrests, our correspondent added. Former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks and ex-Downing Street communications chief Andy Coulson are among those who have already been arrested as part of the inquiry. The scandal has led Met Police Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson and Assistant Commissioner John Yates to resign, and the News of the World to close down after 168 years.
The two countries failed to sign an accord on sharing river water after objections from the chief minister of the Indian state of West Bengal. There was also no deal granting India overland access across Bangladesh to its land-locked north-eastern states. But there was good news for tens of thousands of "stateless border people". The two countries agreed "to put in motion" a deal that allows about 50 Bangladeshi enclaves inside India to be integrated within Bangladesh and about 100 Indian areas inside Bangladesh to become part of India. Officials say that under the terms of a protocol between the two leaders - the details of which will be worked out at a later date - residents of these areas will have the right to decide whether they want to become Indians or Bangladeshis. BBC Bengali editor Sabir Mustafa says that the failure to reach agreement over sharing water from the Teesta river is a big setback for Bangladeshi PM Sheikh Hasina, who has staked much of her personal reputation on securing a deal. By Sabir  Mustafa BBC Bengali editorThere is little doubt that relations between the two countries are at their closest since the early 1970s when India helped Bangladesh gain independence from Pakistan. But the warmth in relations is also serving to mask a growing unease in both countries about the nature of the relationship. There are worries that the Indian leadership may have invested all its goodwill in one political party in Bangladesh, namely the Awami League led by current Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina. As a result, whenever the main opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party, or BNP comes to power, relations could take a nose dive. There is also concern in Bangladesh that Sheikh Hasina appears too eager to accommodate Indian demands. The visit lost much of its lustre when the Indian side made it clear at the last minute there would not be any agreement on the sharing of a major river. It has also taken some of the gloss off the first visit to Bangladesh by an Indian prime minister for 12 years. All the two sides could agree on this issue was a commitment to revisit it at a later date. Prime Minister Singh told reporters after the talks that "substantial progress has been made on sharing water of common rivers".  He said further discussion was needed. It is widely thought that the deal fell through because of last-minute objections to it from West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, who was reported to believe that India was in danger of supplying too much water to Bangladesh. Bangladesh expressed its "frustration and dissatisfaction" over Ms Banerjee's "sudden u-turn", which it said had kept the two countries from signing two very crucial deals. Correspondents say that the failure to implement the water-sharing deal probably led to them also not agreeing on an Indian overland transit route through Bangladesh because Dhaka has long argued that the one is dependent on the other. They say it will come as a big disappointment to Delhi which is eager to have better transport links with its north-eastern states. The two sides did, however, agree to extend trading ties, with Delhi granting Dhaka tax concessions on textile imports it receives from Bangladesh. Ties between the two countries have been strained in recent years following a series of border clashes and Indian concerns that Islamist militants have been using Bangladesh as a base. On Tuesday the leaders agreedCorrespondents say Mr Singh's two-day visit was partly aimed at countering growing Chinese influence in the region. The prime minister was returning a visit to Delhi by his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina in January last year. On Sunday, Bangladesh's Foreign Minister Dipu Moni described the visit as historic, saying it would "pave the way for a prosperous future for the whole region".
The site - which is owned by Google - is launching a competition for teenagers to create an experiment that could be carried out in space. Two winning ideas will be tested by the crew of the International Space Station. Google chairman Eric Schmidt recently criticised science and technology education in the UK.Delivering the annual McTaggart lecture in Edinburgh, Mr Schmidt said the country needed to reignite children's passion for subjects such as engineering and maths. In addition to having their experiment run in space, the winners will get to experience weightlessness on a zero-g airplane flight, and have the option to either undergo astronaut training in Russia, or to watch the rocket launch in Japan which takes their idea into space. When the experiments are eventually run, the results will be streamed live on YouTube. The competition is divided into two age groups.  14-16 years, and 17-18 years. Alongside Prof Hawking, the judging panel consists of former Astronauts Leland Melvin, Frank De Winne, Akihiko Hoshide and noted "space tourist" Guy LalibertÃ©.
A fault at the Clydesdale Bank machine in Stewarton Street, Wishaw, meant customers received double the amount of money they keyed in. It is understood about 100 people queued up at the ATM after hearing about the fault at 19:00 on Friday. A spokeswoman for Clydesdale Bank later said the problem had been corrected quickly. She said: "We don't operate our ATMs directly as they are outsourced to other suppliers. "What has happened is that while the machine was being filled, some of the cassettes were placed in the wrong order, meaning that double the amount of money was available. "She added she could not confirm the amount withdrawn, because the bank could not reveal how much was kept in any ATM for security reasons. In January, dozens of people took advantage of a cash machine in Fintry Road, Dundee, which also paid out double the requested amount. The machine's operators later said customers would not have to return the extra money.
Southampton Solent University made the former X Factor judge a doctor of media for her "outstanding contribution to the entertainment industry". The singer said she had never been to the city but hoped to get an opportunity to visit the university soon. The honorary doctorate was presented at a special ceremony in London. The presentation was made by the university's chancellor in front of an invited audience of staff and students. Ms Minogue said: "I'm honoured and I'm shocked to receive this degree. "You start working in the entertainment industry and you don't really stop and look back at what you've done. "It's nice to be honoured for that and to connect with the students who are studying at the moment because a big part of their studies is having the practical side of working in the industry.  You can't learn that from a book. "A spokesman for the university added: "We can quite understand the cynical kind of impression [of the award] but it is not the case. "We would never give a degree to someone without some connection to the university or the work of the university. "He added that the university specialised in media teaching and had previously awarded honours to people in the industry. Dan Prendergast, president of the students' union at Southampton Solent University, said: "She is a musical inspiration to many students. "She has had a long-spanning career and made a big contribution to the music business. "This is a great opportunity for students to meet someone like this. "Last month, Minogue's sister Kylie received an honorary degree from Anglia Ruskin University in Chelmsford. She collected an honorary doctorate of health sciences in recognition of her work promoting breast cancer awareness after contracting the disease.
The health board said the man did not access to the woman's medical records. It said the cleaner had got the patient's name from an electronic floor plan at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary. The woman visited the accident and emergency department last week for treatment to a hand injury. The next day she was contacted on the social networking site by the man, who said he had been "checking her out" while she was being treated in hospital and that he had got her name from the computer. He is also believed to have asked the woman "how's the hand?". The cleaner has been suspended and police are investigating. NHS Lothian conducted its own inquiry and found the cleaner did not manage to access any of the woman's confidential records. The health board's chief operating officer Jackie Sansbury said: "He had no access to private medical records and information which is protected by a range of complex security systems. "We understand that this member of contracted staff only gained the patient's name from an electronic screen for staff showing a floor plan in the treatment area of Accident and Emergency Department, in much the same way as a patient's name would be displayed above their bed in a ward area. "This in no way excuses behaviour of this kind, however, and security messages have been reinforced to our staff and sub-contracted employees to ensure they comply with our data security guidelines. "Any member of staff who breaks our rules will face investigation under our disciplinary procedures. "Earlier, Consort, the private company which employs the man, said they were treating the matter very seriously. Lothian and Borders Police said they had received a complaint and were looking into the matter. The woman told The Scotsman newspaper: "I didn't know who he was, what he was capable of, or whether he also knew my address and telephone number. "I didn't know if he was just going to turn up at the house.  It's just wrong in so many ways. "I've got two boys at home - one aged two, the other six months - so I was worried for them too. "Health Secretary Nicola Sturgeon told BBC Scotland that patient confidentiality was of the "utmost importance". She said she could not comment on any individual case, but added: "Anybody who goes into a hospital as a patient has a right to assume that their data and information will be treated with respect and in the highest confidence. "I have asked NHS Lothian to ensure that I am made aware of the outcome of their investigation, and any action that requires to be taken as a result of this will be taken.
The 58-year-old plans to develop a giant aircraft that would put spaceships into orbit, rather than lifting them off from a launch pad. Other moguls are in the private space race, too, after Nasa this year ended its 30-year space shuttle programme. Virgin Galactic is working on a commercial space venture which aims to fly passengers into sub-orbit by 2013. Aerospace pioneer Burt Rutan is a partner on Mr Allen's project, which is called Stratolaunch Systems. The project is the latest to be led by Silicon Valley tycoons who think they spy a gap in demand opened by the retirement of the US government's space shuttle programme. While Nasa put rockets into space from a launch pad, the Stratolaunch plan is to launch unmanned rockets from high-flying aircraft, and eventually undertake manned missions too. The developers said their aircraft could ferry cargo for the commercial satellite industry and the International Space Station. The giant plane would be powered by six 747 jumbo jet engines and have a wingspan of 385ft (117m), developers said. It would be wider than the biggest aircraft ever, legendary Hollywood tycoon Howard Hughes' Spruce Goose. The first test flights are scheduled to begin in 2016. Mr Allen and Mr Rutan said that preliminary designs for the Stratolaunch aircraft have been put together over the course of 10 years. Construction has begun on a hangar in California's Mojave Desert, they said. In 2004 the duo created SpaceShipOne, a sub-orbital rocket that became the first privately financed, manned spaceship. "When I was growing up, America's space programme was the symbol of aspiration," Mr Allen said at a news conference in Seattle. "For me, the fascination with space never ended.  I never stopped dreaming what might be possible. "Stratolaunch's plane will carry a booster rocket on its belly, to be built by a space company owned by Elon Musk of PayPal, who has already built a successful commercial rocket. Other technology titans who have made forays into the private space industry include Jeff Bezos, founder of Amazon.com. British tycoon Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic aims to take passengers into sub-orbital space. Dropping rockets into space is not a new technique, but can offer more launch flexibility and minimise weather constraints, developers said. It can also save on rocket fuel. Orbital Sciences Corp, an older rocket company, has used this method of launching payloads such as unmanned rockets and satellites.
Foden, 26, scored his third try in two matches as Saints beat Quins 24-3 in the Aviva Premiership. But he told BBC Radio Northampton: "If he continues to perform, I'm going to have to push myself to the limit. "Hopefully it'll bring out the best in both of us and put England rugby in a good place. "Interim England coach Stuart Lancaster will name his squad for the Six Nations on Wednesday, with Brown expected to return for the first time since the tour of New Zealand in 2008. Also 26, he has scored 10 tries in 17 starts for Quins to help them reach the top of the Premiership table. Meanwhile, Foden is hopeful that Saints will again contribute a good number of players to the England squad for next month's tournament, after he joined Tom Wood, Chris Ashton, Courtney Lawes and Dylan Hartley at the 2011 World Cup. "We're performing well and if guys are fit, hopefully we'll see a few more representing the green, black and gold," he added.
The victim was attacked because her son had eloped with an upper-caste girl about a month ago. She has alleged that police initially refused to file a case saying such incidents were not uncommon. The incident took place in Mulgaon village on Monday afternoon but reports of the atrocity have just come out. The village in Satara district falls in the constituency of the state's Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan. "The women pushed me to the ground, took off my sari and started beating me up with chappals [slipper] and a stick.  They pulled my hair," the victim told a television channel. She said the beatings continued for two hours. On Wednesday, police arrested five people, including the eloped girl's parents. Dalits, formerly known as "untouchables", are at the bottom of the Hindu caste system in India. Although caste discrimination is illegal, biases remain in many areas.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceShavers lost a 15-round decision to Ali in 1977, although he was a friend before the fight and has remained so in the intervening 35 years. "The Klitschkos are big guys but they're not in the same league as Ali," Shavers told BBC Sport. "Ali would have picked them apart.  All us guys in the '70s would have. "Shavers, 66, first befriended Ali in 1973, when 'The Greatest' invited him to his Deer Lake training camp in Pennsylvania to prepare for Shavers's impending fight against Jimmy Ellis. "When I was getting ready to fight Jimmy Ellis, Ali gave me the use of his camp for free, never charged me a dime, and gave me some advice [Ali beat Ellis in 1971]," said Shavers. "Ali was a very nice man who treated me well.  He was an easy-going guy, an easy guy to talk to.  When the cameras came he put on a show, but away from the cameras he was a very quiet guy. "When Shavers fought Ali four years later, he rocked 'The Greatest' with a huge right hand in the second round - a blow Ali said "shook my kinfolk in Africa" - but it was Ali who was awarded a unanimous decision. However, Ali's subdued performance, and the amount of punishment he absorbed from Shavers, led many in the media to call for his retirement. "As time goes on you're going to lose some of your sharpness, which is why I thought I had a good chance of beating him," said Shavers, who until recently lived and worked in England. Ali doesn't want you to feel sorry for him, but you can't help it because you love the guy.  It's sad to see him in the shape he's in now"I had mixed feelings [before the fight].  I didn't want to beat Ali - he was a great guy - but I was fighting for the championship.  I had to give my best. "I thought he was faking it [in the second round], trying to suck me in, but he was hurt.  If I'd have gone in I might have stopped him. "While Shavers also fought Joe Bugner, Larry Holmes, Ron Lyle and Ken Norton - all of whom called him the hardest puncher they faced - in a stellar career, he says Ali is the one opponent everyone wants to talk about. Shavers, who now makes his living signing autographs in Las Vegas, said: "I get asked every day about the Ali fight.  Ali won the fight but it worked out well for both of us. "Anyone who fought Ali and did well, they were basically made.  I think I did quite well; I went 15 rounds with him.  He won the fight but I kept my name clean. Media playback is not supported on this device"When Joe Frazier fought Ali, he made Joe Frazier.  Joe Frazier was a good fighter but Ali made the whole thing. "Shavers remains close to Ali, meeting up once a year at a charity fund-raiser in Arizona, but admits it is difficult seeing his old friend diminished by Parkinson's syndrome. "We're still very close," said Shavers.  "But because Ali was such a great fighter and such a great man, it's sad to see him in the shape he's in now. "Ali doesn't want you to feel sorry for him, but you can't help it because you love the guy.  If you get to know Ali you'd think he never even had Parkinson's, the way he carries himself. "But it's a shame, when you love a guy, to see him as he is now, when you remember him as he used to be.  It's hard to be around him. "Without a shadow of a doubt he was the greatest.  People love him because he gave back.  He helped so many people besides himself.
The 26-year-old Algeria international has only started two Premier League games this term with a further two starts in a total of 13 appearances. He is available to make his debut in Tuesday's league game against Burnley. "We needed another midfield player who can play either side and gives a bit of flexibility," Reds manager Steve Cotterill told BBC Radio Nottingham. "At the beginning of the week Guy Moussi had a problem with his calf.  Even if Guy was fit, at the moment, he's ended up going in the back four for us, which is not ideal.  So, I needed another midfield player with some energy in there. "Guedioura initially joined Wolves on loan in January 2010 before signing permanently at the end of the season. But he has struggled to earn a regular starting place at Molineux and also broke his leg last season.
The 18-year-old has established himself in the Wycombe team this season, making 17 appearances in League One. Harris, who has signed a three-and-a-half year contract, won League Two's apprentice of the year award for the 2010-11 season. "It's a good deal for all parties," Wycombe manager Gary Waddock told the club's website. Cardiff manager Malky Mackay has made signing a winger a priority in the January transfer window. He has failed in his attempts to prize Craig Noone from Brighton, while a bid for Blackpool's wide man Matt Phillips has also been rejected. Harris broke the record as Wycombe's youngest player when he made his debut in 2009, aged 16 years and 201 days.  That record has subsequently been taken from him by Jordan Ibe in 2011, who was 15 years and 244 days when he featured in a Carling Cup tie. Striker Ibe, now 16, joined Liverpool earlier in the January transfer window. Waddock added: "Like Jordon Ibe recently, we didn't want to stand in the way of Kadeem and the opportunity for him to play at a higher level. "I've thoroughly enjoyed working with Kadeem during my time at the club and I wish him every success for the future.
The "iPitch" at the Stobart Stadium was criticised by former Warrington full-back Richie Mathers, who posted images of grazes to his body on Twitter. He described the surface, on which his side won 32-14, as an "absolute joke". But Widnes claim that Mathers' injuries are more likely the result of the icy conditions the match was played in. The club's chief executive, Julie Gaskell, stated: "We had four games on the pitch this weekend and you have to bear in mind the extreme weather.  On Friday night, it went down to minus seven. We are happy for Widnes to continue using the iPitch"The injuries are consistent with those on any surface in those temperatures.  We noted there were similar injuries from the game at Salford on Saturday. "Our players have been training on a similar surface for the last nine months and there have been no issues.  I am sure any problems would have shown up. "We have also had five-a-side football and boys and girls tag rugby on the pitch over the last four weeks and again we have had no reported injuries. "The Rugby Football League say their match commissioner had no concerns about the surface, which is the first artificial pitch ever to be used in the sport. "We are happy for Widnes to continue using the iPitch," said RFL spokesman John Ledger. "The indications are that it posed no more danger to players than on any other surface over the weekend.  We believe the extreme weather may have been an issue.
Le Saux suffered years of baseless claims about his alleged homosexuality. Media playback is not supported on this device"The important thing isn't whether or not there are gay players in professional football," Le Saux told BBC Radio Jersey. "The point is that the environment is such that if they are, they feel that they can achieve and the profession will support them," he added. "At the moment I still don't think that's there. "I think ultimately it's up to football to really face those demons and actually say 'we're going to stand up for people, whatever their colour, creed or sexuality' and actually give them the opportunity to say 'if I want to be a football player I'm confident enough to try'. "Le Saux began his career at Jersey club St Paul's, going on to play 513 games for Chelsea, Blackburn Rovers and Southampton. But his desire not to live the archetypal footballer's life led to unfounded accusations that he was gay. "I think about my football career and maybe some of the negatives, and the one good thing, the one true thing, was that I've always been myself," he said. "I've always stuck to my principles, I've always stood up and taken what I needed to take emotionally and physically, and not strayed from that. "So to actually say to someone 'I'd probably just keep your head down' goes against my principles. "But I think ultimately that was very much the culture of football and even now to an extent. "The rumours surrounding Le Saux's private life came to a head when Le Saux and then Liverpool stiker Robbie Fowler clashed at Stamford Bridge. Le Saux believes the incident strengthened the myth that he was gay. "It was humiliating on many levels because it was a culmination of many years of abuse that I'd had," he said. "For an England colleague and a fellow professional footballer to actually endorse with his behaviour rumours that were spread about me was utterly offensive. "I spoke to Robbie about it afterwards when we met up with England and he never apologised, not even privately. "There are currently no openly gay players in the English professional game.
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, 25, pleaded guilty to attempting to blow up a commercial plane as a would-be suicide mission for al-Qaeda. His family quickly called on the US government to review the sentence. Abdulmutallab was badly burned when a bomb sewn into his underwear failed to detonate fully, prosecutors said. Almost 300 people were on the flight from Amsterdam to Detroit. Some of the passengers from the flight were in the courtroom as Federal Judge Nancy Edmunds announced the sentence. Profile: Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab"This was an act of terrorism that cannot be quibbled with," Judge Edmunds said, as she imposed the maximum sentence. The son of a Nigerian banker and a former engineering student at University College London, Abdulmutallab faced eight counts against him, including terrorism and attempted murder. Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), a militant group based in Yemen, said it was behind the attempted attack. In statement to the BBC, the family of Abdulmutallab said they were "grateful to God that the unfortunate incident of that date did not result in any injury or death". "We strongly appeal to the American justice department to review the life sentence," they said.  "We also appeal to the Federal Republic of Nigeria to continue with their support and engage with the American government to ensure that a review is made. "Ahead of the sentencing, assistant defence lawyer Anthony Chambers argued that a life sentence for Abdulmutallab would be unconstitutional, since no other passengers were hurt. By Mark LobelBBC News, LagosMany more young Nigerians have been radicalised since Lagos-born Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab's actions linked the West African country to al-Qaeda. But the organisation behind their radicalisation is Boko Haram, a local religious group that has turned militant.  It wants Nigeria ruled by strict Islamic law and its recruits take quite different journeys from that of the man in his twenties from a very wealthy northern Nigerian family, now in the hands of the US penal system. A neighbour of the Abdulmutallab family in Kaduna, prominent rights activist Shehu Sani, told me a lighter sentence would give Umar Farouk a deserved chance to rehabilitate.  The blame should lie with the terrorists who took advantage of the model student, as he was too young to know better, he said. Some in the Muslim north think the whole case is a US conspiracy.  There is far less sympathy for him in the Christian south.  Matthew, a banker, said that a death sentence would be justified.  Having harmed Nigeria's image, as Boko Haram is doing now, Matthew said the 25-year-old does not deserve a second chance. Sentencing guidelines directed the judge to impose a mandatory life sentence, but Mr Chambers appealed for a lighter term. "Not one passenger lost his or her life.  Not one passenger suffered life-threatening injuries," he said. Prosecutors said a life sentence was warranted because an attempted terror attack heightens public fear and burdens airports with expensive and time-consuming security procedures. As part of the sentencing hearing, four passengers and a crew member aboard Flight 253 made statements, telling the judge the event had forever changed their lives. A video from the FBI showing the power of the explosive material found in Abdulmutallab's underwear was also shown at the hearing.  As the video played Abdulmutallab twice said loudly "Allahu akbar" - Arabic for "God is great". Abdulmutallab himself made a brief statement.  During the short trial, he had fired his lawyer and attempted to represent himself. "Mujahideen are proud to kill in the name of God," he said in court.  "And that is exactly what God told us to do in the Koran. . .  Today is a day of victory. ""In quick response to some of the things that have been said, I say my life and the lives of Muslims have also changed due to the attacks on innocent civilians," he added. On the second day of his trial, in October, Abdulmutallab unexpectedly declared that he would plead guilty to all charges. The bomb was a "blessed weapon to save the lives of innocent Muslims", he told the court. "The US should be warned that if they continue to kill and support those who kill innocent Muslims, then the US should await a great calamity. . .  or God will strike them directly," he added. Investigators said Abdulmutallab admitted he was working for AQAP, and had been inspired by and had met Anwar al-Awlaki, a radical cleric who was killed in 2011 by a US drone strike in Yemen. Abdulmutallab received the bomb, as well as training, from AQAP before travelling from Nigeria to Amsterdam. There he boarded Northwest Airlines Flight 253 to Detroit, which was carrying 279 passengers and 11 crew members. The bomb was not picked up in security checks at airports in Lagos and Amsterdam. On board, the bomb failed to detonate completely and passengers had to put out the fire. Abdulmutallab's father, Alhaji Umaru Mutallab, an influential banker who is well connected in Nigerian politics, said he had approached the US embassy officials and Nigerian authorities in 2009 to warn them about his son. Abdulmutallab was already on a US watch list, but not a no-fly list.
Officials say the photo of Ms Badu in The Star newspaper was "an insult to Islam".  The paper has apologised. The Grammy-award winner was due to perform on Wednesday in Kuala Lumpur and is said to be dismayed at the news. Muslim-majority Malaysia has previously warned other international artists to dress modestly for their concerts. Tattoos are forbidden in Islam and using the word "Allah" in a way deemed disrespectful offends many Muslims. The photo of Ms Badu with several words in Arabic and Hebrew written on her body features prominently on her official fan site.  It is not clear whether Ms Badu's body art is permanent. The Culture, Arts and Heritage Ministry says it was not aware of the tattoos when it initially approved the concert, the BBC's Jennifer Pak in Kuala Lumpur reports.  Some Muslims began protesting after The Star published the photo. Now the culture ministry says it is justified in banning Ms Badu's concert because it breaches religious sensitivities and cultural values. Information Minister Rais Yatim said a government committee had decided to cancel the show because Ms Badu's body art was "an insult to Islam and a very serious offence". According to the statement, the body art "triggered public criticism that could jeopardise national security and cause a negative impact to the government's image". Concert organisers are in touch with officials and hope the cancellation will be reversed, the Associated Press news agency reports. Ms Badu, 41, had already arrived in Malaysia.  She is "worried and dismayed" over the incident, according to the concert organiser. The Home Ministry has asked The Star to explain why it published the photo.  The Star has already apologised, saying its inclusion in Monday's edition was "inadvertent". "We deeply regret any offence caused to Muslims and sincerely apologise for the oversight," the paper said on Tuesday.
The procession will visit the East Riding on 18 and 19 June and northern Lincolnshire on 26 and 27 June. It will travel on the Cleethorpes Coast Light Railway, visit the Pods centre in Scunthorpe and abseil down Grimsby's Dock Tower. Torchbearers chosen to carry the flame include Tom Burnett, 12, from Hull. Most computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you may need Adobe ReaderDownload the reader hereMost computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you may need Adobe ReaderDownload the reader hereTom, a pupil at Kelvin Hall School, is among 212 12-year-olds who have been selected as torchbearers through the London 2012 Get Set Education programme. He said he was "really excited" about the role. Tom was nominated by his teacher Sean Thompson after representing his school at football and rugby and being selected to represent Hull at a regional cross country event. His father Peter said: "To actually get the call to say he's been picked. . .  we were blown away.  We were gobsmacked.  It's amazing. "On 18 June, the torch will arrive in Bridlington and go via Beverley to Hull, where it will stay overnight. On 19 June the torch will exit the East Riding, going past the Humber Bridge, though Brough and Goole. The procession will return to the Humber region on 26 June, arriving in Scunthorpe and visiting places including Wrawby, Immingham and Cleethorpes. The Dock Tower abseil will take place on 27 June. Councillor Terry Geraghty, from Hull City Council, said: "We are delighted to be hosting the Torch Relay in our great city. Most computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you may need Adobe ReaderDownload the reader hereMost computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you may need Adobe ReaderDownload the reader here"I look forward to welcoming the city's inspirational torchbearers who will run our route. "Alice Kaye, who lives near Brigg in North Lincolnshire, has also been chosen to carry the Olympic flame. The 17-year-old is a student at Caistor Grammar School and is part of the Scunthorpe and District Athletics Club.  She was selected through the Lloyds TSB London 2012 Olympic Torch Relay nomination scheme. She said: "I'm incredibly excited.  Just being part of the Olympic Games is incredible. "Power lifter Lynn Williams, who represented Great Britain at the 2011 Special Olympic World Summer Games in Athens, will carry the torch in Goole. The BBC's home of 2012: Latest Olympic news, sport, culture, torch relay, video and audioIn her nomination the 54-year-old was hailed as a "shining example to young people with learning difficulties who may have their own Olympic dreams". The Olympic flame arrives in the UK on 18 May and begins its 70-day journey at Land's End on the morning of 19 May. During the 10-week relay the torch will be carried by 8,000 torchbearers and will travel about 8,000 miles. Locog says the torch will come within 10 miles of 95% of the population.
Doctors say it is too early to predict whether he will play football again. But Dr Tobin said he is amazed by the 23-year-old's recovery so far. Media playback is not supported on this deviceIn an emotional interview, Dr Tobin said: "It was 48 minutes when he collapsed to reaching hospital and a further 30 minutes after that.  He was, in effect, dead at that time. "He added: "We were fearing the worst and didn't think we would get the recovery we had.  It's incredible. "Muamba suffered a cardiac arrest in Wanderers' FA Cup tieDr Tobin told BBC Sport's Dan Roan how Bolton physio Andy Mitchell was the first to spot the player had collapsed. The doctor recalled: "He screamed, 'Get on the pitch, get on the pitch'.  It was obvious something major was happening. "Dr Tobin said Muamba was given two defibrillator shocks on the pitch, one in the players' tunnel and a further 12 in the ambulance on the way to hospital but none worked. The doctor said it was only when medics at London Chest Hospital took over that the situation began to sink in.  He added: "I went into the corridor and cried. "This is Fabrice, not someone who has gone down in the street.  I know him, know his family, joke with him every day. "Tottenham club doctor Shabaaz Mughal was among those who rushed to Muamba's aid.  He said: "He appeared to take a couple of gasps but was then unresponsive. "The pair were further helped by Dr Andrew Deaner, Consultant Cardiologist at London Chest Hospital, who was at the game as a fan, and ran on to the pitch to lend his expertise. He said: "As soon as I saw them start CPR, something twitched in me.  You always hope that, if you have a defibrillator and get there quickly, they will respond to at least two or three shocks.  The longer the resuscitation, the less the chances of survival.  But this is a very fit 23-year-old and those attending him are trained in CPR.Media playback is not supported on this device"If I was ever going to use the term miraculous it could be used here.  He has made a remarkable recovery so far. "Two hours after [regaining consciousness] I whispered in his ear, 'What's your name?' and he said, 'Fabrice Muamba'.  I said, 'I hear you're a really good footballer' and he said, 'I try'.  I had a tear in my eye. "The consultant added: "We don't want to get ahead of ourselves but, as things stand, his life is not in danger at this time. "It is early days so it is not possible to say [if he will play again]. "Dr Sam Mohiddin, the Consultant Cardiologist now looking after Muamba, said: "Fabrice has continued to demonstrate positive signs of recovery. "His outcome has been extraordinary as a result of extraordinary care. "He has exceeded our expectations but this remains very early in what could be a very lengthy recovery period. "The critical thing was the rapid, prompt and very effective CPR at White Hart Lane and expertise from the London ambulance service. "Normal life is within the spectrum of possibility.
He says that he's found the engines from the Apollo 11 space rocket - the craft that carried the first men to the moon in 1969. The five engines broke off from the spaceship after blast off and crashed somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean. He's now planning on trying to bring one of them to the surface. Mr Bezos paid for a team to use advanced sonar scanning equipment to track down the lost F-1 engines. They were found 4,300 metres below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean, but he hasn't said exactly where they were spotted. In a blog post about the discovery he wrote: "I was five years old when I watched Apollo 11 unfold on television, and without any doubt it was a big contributor to my passions for science, engineering, and exploration. "He said he was going to ask Nasa, which owns the rockets, for permission to display one of the engines in the Museum of Flight in his home city of Seattle.
More than 60 years on, with another World Cup looming in Brazil and the Indian economy booming, there are renewed hopes that football can finally gain a toehold in the cricket-loving country. Qualification for the 2014 World Cup may be a step too far, but there are a number of initiatives under way to boost the sport. The challenges are to nurture that growing interest while wooing fans away from watching overseas football on TV,  and the need to create a strong national league and international team. Off the pitch there is the need to build football industry and infrastructure, while boosting the expertise of administrators and coaching and other backroom staff. "There is a challenge from cricket, which gets the most investment," admits Kushal Das, general secretary of the All India Football Federation (AIFF). "Many youngsters though are now watching a lot of football, mainly European leagues. "We need to develop interest in the Indian leagues, and we need development programmes for that. "Mr Das said he was encouraged by the recent visit of Fifa president Sepp Blatter to the country. The country is hoping to host the Under-17 World Cup in 2017, and Mr Blatter has so far offered encouraging noises. Mr Das said that highlights over the past couple of years included India playing in the AFC Asian Cup in 2011 for the first time in more than 20 years, and the 15-year commercial and marketing partnership between the AIFF and IMG-Reliance. Encouragement has also come from a recent development plan for football in India drawn up with Fifa. "We are starting up academies for player development in four cities by July and another four by July 2013, for different age groups," says Mr Das. A technical director has also been appointed for the first time, unusual as it may seem that such a role did not exist before. "We are looking not just at player development, but also administration, education, referees," says Mr Das. "If we are successful in hosting the Under-17 there will be [business] opportunities, to participate in the whole development of Indian football - it is a great opportunity. "He adds: "The biggest challenge is infrastructure.  I hope, if we have the World Cup hosting rights, that there will be serious efforts to improve the infrastructure. "IMG and stadium builders Populous have already been around the country looking at which existing stadiums could potentially be brought up to scratch for 2017. One of the footballing hotbeds in the country is Pune, a city in the west of the country with a three million-plus population. "Sport, including football, is tremendously popular among the youth of our city today," says Vishwajeet Kadam,  president of Pune District Football Association. "We don't only focus on the skills development of players.  We also taking to the FA and taking advice from the Indian Premier League cricket, and hockey, about ways to boost the football industry and surrounding football industry skills. "Pune also has contacts with English Premier League football clubs, including Liverpool and Blackburn Rovers, who both have training academies in the city. "Other clubs have been to India to just hold training sessions, but Liverpool has shown a clear commitment," says Mr Kadam. "Most European clubs seriously underestimate the Indian market. "There are organisations in India ready to spend money in partnerships with European clubs. "One club which has formed a partnership is Italian side Inter Milan, which has entered a joint football venture with Tata Tea to support a youth football tournament in India, covering 15 cities, 1,000 schools, and one million children. Mario de Vivo, Inter Milan chief commercial officer, adds: "We then select 16 young Indian pupils and take them to Inter Milan training academy for three days. "We are bringing to India not only technical skills, but also medical, nutritional, and psychological support. "We are able to offer a complete platform to help young teams, federations, and other people that want to learn about football and improve the professional side. "Business bodies in India also wants to improve transparency, accountability, marketing, planning and professionalism in football. Rajpal Singh of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry (Ficci) says: "We realise in sport we need foreign expertise. "We want to create a sporting culture in India, and bring about attitudinal change and develop a sporting infrastructure. "India is a cricket country but over the past two years you can see a change in attitude.  Sports people are now looking towards football. "But we need to examine the whole football infrastructure. "IMG-Reliance is bringing its sports industry expertise to India as part of its deal with the AIFF."Indians love football and can play football.  If you buy into that premise then you know we will be successful," says IMG's Jefferson Slack. Mr Slack admits there are challenges on the football and infrastructure side, but says there is a competitive media market in India that is "going to need high quality football content". He adds: "There are certainly some challenges.  The existing league suffers from an??? organisation standpoint. "The IPL [cricket] was instructive because it showed that a properly constructed franchise league could work. "There is a lot of money in India to build a brand.  Football needs to succeed.  It needs a plan.  We are are not there yet. "But the long term view we have is that this will be lucrative. "Meanwhile, uncertainty remains about the future of the proposed, but currently delayed, Premier Soccer League (PLS) in West Bengal. The PLS was intended as a state league for older European players - such as Robert Pires and Fabio Cannavaro.  It attracted publicity around the world, particularly in the UK.Mr Slack said he understood the premise of the league as, he says, India is a country that is "star driven". But he said there was a pressing need to boost the status of the current Indian national soccer league. "We are in dialogue with I-League about how to make the league more competitive and attractive," he says. "There are no easy solutions there.  We completely understand that the clubs need to get more out of it.
Photos on the internet appear to show Diouf in a nightclub, just hours before the match at Southampton on 24 March. "I've made some inquiries and I've asked him about it and he denies he was there," Saunders told Radio Sheffield. "It's still ongoing and I want to get to the bottom of it.  It's something I can't comprehend if it is true. "Rovers lost the match at St Mary's 2-0, with Diouf playing the full game, and are currently six points adrift of safety with six matches to play. Diouf has scored six goals in 22 games since joining the club in October.
The case of the missing planes was raised when PM David Cameron met Burmese President Thein Sein. A Downing Street source said it was "hoped this will be an opportunity to work with the reforming Burmese government". The exact location of the planes is unknown. The planes were buried in 1945 by the RAF amid fears that they could either be used or destroyed by foreign forces, but in the intervening years they have not been located. At the time they were unused, still in crates, and yet to be assembled. Until a general election in 2010, Burma was ruled for almost half a century by a military junta. It has been reported that experts from Leeds University and an academic based in Rangoon believe they may have identified the sites where the craft are concealed using sophisticated radar techniques. On Friday, officials said President Thein Sein was "very enthusiastic" about the prospect of finding and restoring the planes. A Downing Street source said: "The Spitfire is arguably the most important plane in the history of aviation, playing a crucial role in the Second World War. "It is hoped this will be an opportunity to work with the reforming Burmese government, uncover, restore and display these fighter planes and get them gracing the skies of Britain once again.
When Claire was told she would spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair after a spinal injury, she wanted to get back on her feet as quickly as possible and regain her independence. For the past three months she has been training intensively for the marathon using a robotic walking suit to prove she is just as determined as in her sporting days. When Claire sets out with participants on Sunday she knows that most will aim to finish in hours.  For her, it will take about three weeks. A former event-rider who had competed at the highest level, Claire thought that the Burghley Horse trials, a four-star horse-riding event for top-class riders in Stamford, Lincolnshire, would be her greatest test. "I didn't think I'd ever get to that level.  But the marathon is a bigger challenge.  I was wrong. "In the beginning she could only take two steps.  Just a few weeks ago, she could only walk 30, making the marathon a near impossible feat. But Claire's sporting background has provided her with the resilience she needs to keep going.  Following gruelling training sessions three times a week at a Yorkshire clinic, she can now cover longer distances of up to a mile in one session. It takes at least two-and-a-half hours for her to complete a mile but she hopes to improve her speed as the weeks pass, staying in a hotel at night-time and starting afresh every morning from the point where she left off the night before. In 2006, Claire's horse Rolled Oats clipped his shoulder, flinging her from the saddle into a nearby tree.  The fall broke her neck, back and ribs and left her paralysed from the chest down. Claire first saw the "robot legs", or ReWalk bionic walking device, while researching her condition on the internet.  She jokingly likens the device to Wallace and Gromit's "wrong trousers", and with the help of her friends and family raised the £43,000 necessary to get them. But walking in "techno trousers" is not as quite as easy as in the Nick Park animation - while the "wrong trousers" walk on their own, Claire's require patience, perseverance and intense effort. She says: "Not feeling my body makes it so hard.  I don't know what my feet are doing. "Claire relies on motion sensors to help her move and lift her legs and one of the most difficult things for her has been simply learning to stand on two feet again. "To start with I just had to find my balance without wobbling. "The London marathon is not the only race Claire is competing in, as she and her one-year-old daughter, Maisie, are battling it out to see who will be the first to walk unaided. "We've had this competition all along so we'll see.  She can do 10 steps on her own now.  I'm as wobbly as her. "Claire hopes to raise more than £50,000 for Spinal Research, a charity which funds medical research to develop treatments for paralysis. Former rugby player Matt Hampson, who was paralysed after a rugby accident, will provide moral support for part of her marathon journey, as will retired tennis player Tim Henman and former champion British equestrian Lucinda Green. "There's a lot of people who are worse off than me and haven't got the support I've got, so I want to raise as much as I can. "But, when the marathon is over, Claire thinks that for the first time in six years, she will be delighted to return to her wheelchair.
Fr D'Arcy was responding to a BBC This World programme which found that the cardinal failed to pass details of sex abuse to police or parents. It said that in 1975, Cardinal Brady had the names and address of children being abused by Fr Brendan Smyth. Smyth, a paedophile, continued to attack children for a further 13 years. Cardinal Brady claimed the BBC exaggerated his authority at that time.  He said he had "absolutely no authority over Smyth" and had felt betrayed that those in the Church who had the power to stop Smyth did not do so. In an interview with Irish radio station Newstalk on Thursday, Father D'Arcy said he would find it hard to continue if he was in the position of the current Irish Church leader. But he added that changing the cardinal would not necessarily mean a fresh start. "The bottom line is that if Cardinal Brady goes, the ordinary  people of Ireland won't have a single vote on who replaces him.  That is the problem," he said. "Actually he would have to offer his resignation and if the Vatican didn't take it he would be back to square one. "Some people think that is what happened two years ago.  But the Vatican was saying no. "Father Eamon Murray, who is originally from Northern Ireland but now based in England, said many priests feel demoralised by clerical child abuse. He said Cardinal Brady would have do do a "lot of soul searching". "If I was in that position, I would have gone a long time ago because it's your own moral credibility that has suffered," he told the BBC's Nolan Show. "I've listened to a lot of people and naturally people are angry at the church and rightly so and I feel that anger and I feel that hurt and pain. "It pains me to see people who have practised their faith for a long, long time, many years leaving the church as a result of losing credibility in hierarchy. "Meanwhile, one of Smyth's victims has called for the cardinal's resignation. Brendan Boland said he thought Cardinal Brady's refusal to resign was wrong. "I can't understand why he can't see his failings," he said. "For him to stand without resigning I think that is further abuse of me. "Resign.  Own up to your failings. "In 1975, Cardinal Brady was a priest and teacher in County Cavan in the Republic of Ireland, when he was sent by his bishop to investigate a claim of child sexual abuse by a fellow priest. That priest was later exposed as Smyth, who died in prison in 1997, one month into a 12-year prison sentence. The first child to tell his parents about the abuse was the then 14-year-old Brendan Boland. Speaking on Wednesday, Cardinal Brady said in a            statement: "With others, I feel betrayed that those who had the authority in the Church to stop Brendan Smyth failed to act on the evidence I gave them. "However, I also accept that I was part of an unhelpful culture of deference and silence in society, and the Church, which thankfully is now a thing of the past. "The cardinal said he was "shocked, appalled and outraged" by Smyth and said he had trusted that those with the authority to act in relation to Smyth would treat the evidence seriously and respond appropriately. "The commentary in the programme and much of the coverage of my role in this inquiry gives the impression that I was the only person who knew of the allegations against Brendan Smyth at that time and that because of the office I hold in the Church today I somehow had the power to stop Brendan Smyth in 1975. "I had absolutely no authority over Brendan Smyth.  Even my Bishop had limited authority over him.  The only people who had authority within the Church to stop Brendan Smyth from having contact with children were his Abbot in the Monastery in Kilnacrott and his Religious Superiors in the Norbertine Order. "Police are also studying the documentary.  A spokesman for the Police Service of Northern Ireland said: "The PSNI will study the content of this programme.  We can make no further comment at this time.
Twenty-four buildings at Stow Maries Aerodrome, near Maldon, have been Grade II star-listed by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport. The airfield site, which was used as a base for the 37th Squadron, Royal Flying Corps, is one of the few remaining of its kind in the country. It was listed for its "rarity" and "historical importance", Heritage Minister John Penrose said. The aerodrome was created in 1914 by the forerunner to the Royal Air Force. It was one of several in the south east of England used to defend London from German Zeppelin airship and bomber raids during the conflict. It ceased being used by the military in 1919 and was returned to agricultural use. Its buildings remained and, according to English Heritage, is now "the largest known surviving group of Royal Flying Corps buildings on a WWI aerodrome". In recent years the aerodrome was bought by private owners, who have had the buildings restored, and created a museum to tell its role during the war. In 2010, a war memorial commemorating the 10 pilots of 37 Squadron killed in action during WWI was erected on the former parade ground. Among the 24 surviving buildings are the officers' mess, accommodation huts, ammunition store, workshops, blacksmiths and mortuary. On granting the listed status, Mr Penrose said the aerodrome was a "poignant reminder of the conditions in which they were working". "I am listing Stow Maries for its rarity, its architectural interest, its value as a group and also of course for its historical importance as the first line of defence against German air raids," he said. English Heritage chief executive Simon Thurley said: "The importance of Stow Maries is amplified by the approaching 100th anniversary of the Great War. "It's in a remarkable state of preservation, full of historic interest and of great educational potential.
Sheikh Obeikan, who was an adviser to the royal cabinet, opposed moves to relax gender segregation. The dismissal comes shortly after Sheikh Obeikan attacked plans by "influential people to corrupt Muslim society by trying to change the natural status of women". Saudi officials did not give a reason for Sheikh Obeikan's departure. His recent comments were taken to be an attack on tentative steps towards relaxing some stricter interpretations of Saudi law. King Abdullah has promised women the right to vote in future elections, has opened the country's first co-educational university and introduced measures against domestic violence. The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, the "mutawa", was also replaced in January, with the new head widely seen as more moderate than his predecessor. Sheikh Obeikan achieved a degree of notoriety several years ago with a decree suggesting that unrelated Saudi men and women could mix so long as the man drank the woman's breast milk, thus creating a maternal bond between them.
The clashes, between Sunni pro- and anti-Syrian groups, followed the shooting dead on Sunday of two anti-Syrian clerics. The violence is the first in Beirut since the conflict began in neighbouring Syria in March last year. The BBC's Jim Muir in Beirut says the incident shows how divided the Lebanese are over the Syrian crisis. It follows a week of clashes in the northern city of Tripoli between anti-Syrian Sunnis and Alawites who support the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Syrian and Lebanese politics have been deeply intertwined throughout the history of the two states. Syria, the dominant partner, had a large military presence in Lebanon for 29 years, finally withdrawing soldiers in 2005, but maintaining a strong influence.  Political factions in Lebanon have often defined themselves as pro- or anti-Syrian. By Jim MuirBBC News, BeirutGiven how deeply and sharply Lebanon is divided over Syria, it's a miracle that there hasn't been much more violence than there has. But the killing of two Sunni clerics at a Lebanese Army checkpoint in the north of the country on Sunday could hardly pass without consequence - though the fallout could have been much greater. Only in Beirut did the tension break into open conflict.  And it was restricted to a clash between Sunni groups, with the mainstream Future faction of Saad al-Hariri using the occasion to squeeze out the small, pro-Syrian Arab Movement Party, whose leader Shaker Berjawi fled. In nearby areas of south Beirut, Hezbollah - the most powerful force in the land - kept well out of it. Political and religious leaders from all sides urged restraint, while the government pledged a vigorous enquiry into the death of the two shaikhs. Divisions over Syria are the defining issue in Lebanese politics.  Everybody knows how real the danger is that the country would be torn apart if those differences are allowed to erupt freely onto the streets. Sunday's violence was triggered by the shooting dead of two Sunni sheikhs linked to the anti-Syrian Future movement, headed by opposition leader Saad al-Hariri, at a Lebanese army checkpoint in the north on Sunday. Supporters of Mr Hariri responded by blocking main roads with burning car tyres, but security forces intervened to clear them. In Beirut's southern district of Tariq al-Jadideh, offices of a local pro-Syrian leader came under attack by gunmen. Rocket-propelled grenades and machine-gun fire were heard for much of the night. But the clashes died away after the leader, Shaker Berjawi, left the area, and the Lebanese Army moved in. Sunni religious and political leaders have called for the utmost restraint, and an investigation has been launched into the killing of the two sheikhs. Correspondents say there are fears of a return to the violence seen in clashes between Sunni and Shia Muslims in 2008 which brought the country close to civil war.
Cardiff-based SA Brain bought the chain Coffee #1 last year. It comes as new figures show Brains' sales are up nearly 4% in its pubs. Brains believes there is potential in the coffee market and plans a chain of about 50 outlets over the next three years in south Wales and the south west of England. The family-run brewery employs about 2,000 people. Last year's profits are up 6% against what the company described as "a tough economic backdrop". In autumn 2011, Brains bought Coffee #1, which comprised 15 high street shops in south Wales and the south west of England, and since then, it has opened three more. Brains chief executive Scott Waddington said: "The research suggests that the coffee market is going to continue to grow at 5, 6, 7% for the next five years, which is pretty much what it's been doing for the last five years. "Coffee in the UK, despite more and more places opening, still has a long way to go to catch up with more developed markets, like the US."Equity analyst Sam Hart said Brains' decision to diversify into coffee shops was "probably partly a reflection of very tough conditions in the on-trade [bar and pub sales] beer market". "The on-trade is under pressure from a combination of pressure on consumers' disposable incomes, rising alcohol duties and the increased availability of relatively cheap beer at the supermarket chains," he added. Mr Hart said the growth in the coffee shop culture in the UK could be viewed as Americanisation. "Obviously coffee has been ingrained in culture in the US for many years and this appears to be spreading to the UK and other developed markets," he said. "Many people view coffee as an affordable luxury on which they are prepared to spend, despite pressures on their disposable incomes.
The England Knights player made his Tigers debut as a 16-year-old in 2008, and went on to make 44 first-team appearances for them, scoring 16 tries. "I'm looking forward to a new challenge and something a bit different," Arundel told Hull's club website. "I'm really excited and also a little nervous as it's a big club and that will put a bit more pressure on me. "Hull FC's director of rugby Shaun McRae added: "We have said since day one that we're trying to build a culture and winning mentality at this club, one that isn't only about now but also about the future. "That's why we're looking at players of Joe's calibre that are not just showing immense promise now but look to have ever greater years ahead of them in their career, not just with Hull FC but England too.
India's gross domestic product (GDP) grew by 5. 3% in the quarter compared with a year earlier, data showed. That is down from 6. 1% in the previous quarter.  Analysts were expecting the same figure for January to March. India is the third-largest economy in Asia but has been struggling with inflation and currency weakness. Since July last year, the Indian rupee has seen one of the biggest declines among Asian currencies, dropping more than 27% against the US dollar. "Shocking numbers as growth was even lower than lows witnessed during the financial crisis," said Anubhuti Sahay from Standard Chartered Bank in Mumbai. The BBC's Yogita Limaye in Mumbai said that just a year ago India was aspiring for double-digit growth. But a global slowdown has reduced external demand, and high inflation coupled with a weak rupee has made things more expensive within the country. Domestic demand, which India's economy is largely reliant on, has also slowed in part due to the political upheaval in the country. India's economy is suffering from "policy incoherence, shifting global risk appetite and a comatose government", said Rajeev Malik, senior economist at brokerage CLSAIndia's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh admitted early this month that his government must do more to get the once fast-growing economy moving again. The Congress-led coalition government is caught up in a slew of corruption scandals. Key policy reforms, including allowing foreign investment in India's retail sector, have been delayed in parliament for more than a year. This has worried foreign investors and threatened the country's investment grade credit rating. "This is definitely a very important signal for the government - this is a make or break situation for India and the government has to step on the panic button," said Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist at Bank of Baroda in Mumbai. "If the government doesn't step in now, India's sovereign ratings may be jeopardised.
Beijing imported almost 524,000 barrels per day, a 35% jump from the previous month. The surge comes even as the US has asked countries to cut oil imports from Iran and threatened to impose sanctions against financial institutions doing business with Iran's energy sector. Beijing, the biggest buyer of Iranian crude oil, defended its imports. "China's importing of Iranian oil is based on its own economic development needs," said Hong Lei, a spokesperson for China's Foreign Ministry. "This is fully reasonable and legitimate. "China's economic growth in recent years has seen a rise in demand for energy resources, turning it into one of the biggest consumers of crude oil in the world. Imports from Iran are key part of Beijing's overall fuel imports. However, it has been under pressure to cut its imports from Iran after the US threatened that firms dealing with Tehran's energy sector will be cut off from the US financial system. China's imports from Tehran had fallen significantly in the first four months of the year, but analysts said that was mainly due to the ongoing payment dispute and low seasonal demand. They said that with the dispute now settled, it was business as usual between the two countries. "They are quietly carrying on as normal," Tony Regan of consultancy firm TriZen told the BBC.Mr Regan added that Beijing was also hopeful that the US will grant it some kind of an exemption from the sanctions, not least because of the delicate nature of the US-China relations. "The US may not want to be seen as the one challenging China on this issue," he said.
The cartoon, by prominent artist Jonathan Shapiro, known as Zapiro, also features a poem, which refers to Mr Zuma as a "dick". The latest row comes just weeks after the ANC forced an art gallery to withdraw a painting showing Mr Zuma with his genitals exposed. Mr Zuma is set to face Zapiro in court in October over a different cartoon. The president sued the cartoonist, who works for the Mail & Guardian newspaper, after he depicted Mr Zuma in 2008 about to rape a female figure representing justice.  Mr Zuma was cleared of raping a family friend in 2006. The pair have also clashed over Zapiro's portrayal of Mr Zuma with a shower cap on his head - a reference to Mr Zuma's statement in the rape trial that he had taken a shower after having sex to reduce the chance of contracting HIV."We find it unacceptable and shocking that after the harsh experiences that South Africa, the president and his family has experienced few weeks ago, that Zapiro and the Mail & Guardian will find it appropriate to continue with the insults and hurt to the president, his family and the broader ANC constituency," the ANC said in a statement. "All South Africans share our disgust. "The painting in the gallery triggered a huge debate in South Africa about the freedom of expression and the right to privacy. Before the gallery agreed to remove the painting, called The Spear, it was vandalised by two men. In an affidavit, Mr Zuma said: "The portrait depicts me in a manner that suggests I am a philanderer, a womaniser and one with no respect. "Mr Zuma, who has four wives, has previously sued local media companies 11 times for defamation.
The choice of a running mate is one of the most crucial decisions a candidate will make during a presidential run. He is looking for a number two who can balance his weaknesses, appeal to new voter constituencies, persuade independent voters to give him a second look, and campaign effectively on his behalf. All the while, Mr Romney will need a partner who will not outshine him on the stump or otherwise detract attention from him. The perfect VP pick will also need to convince voters he or she is ready to assume the presidency if anything happens to Mr Romney - to be just a heartbeat away from the Oval Office, as the American political adage goes. As Mr Romney nears a decision, here are some of the top possibilities:Paul Ryan, 42, has made a name for himself as the top Republican on budget issues, calling for a dramatic reduction in entitlement programmes and other government spending and in taxes. The Wisconsin congressman, chairman of the House Budget committee, is seen as a persuasive surrogate with the capacity to take the Romney campaign on the offensive on issues that are likely to dominate in this election year - such as jobs, the economy and the deficit. He is also a staunch conservative from a state that both parties consider to be up for grabs in the coming election. Since becoming chairman of the House Budget committee in 2007, Mr Ryan has worked on shaping an alternative vision for the federal budget. But Mr Ryan's budget proposals are seen as so severe and conservative that they could pose a problem for Mr Romney among independent voters less keen to slash taxes and cherished social programmes. Mr Ryan studied at Ohio's Miami University and was elected to the House of Representatives in 1998 at the age of 28.  He is currently serving his seventh term. Rob Portman, 56, is a veteran of Washington, having served in the House of Representatives for 12 years and in White House roles under both Presidents Bush. In selecting him, Mr Romney would hope to pick up votes from the crucial battleground state of Ohio, while also having a competent veteran of Washington on the ticket. But Mr Portman's strengths are also his weaknesses.  Often portrayed as dull, he brings little excitement and pizzazz to the ticket.  His years in Washington would detract from Mr Romney's effort to run as a political outsider.  And his role in the second Bush White House could turn off both independent voters and hard-core fiscal conservatives angered by Mr Bush's expansion of government spending and his widening of the federal budget deficit. Mr Portman was born in Cincinnati and educated at Dartmouth College and the University of Michigan law school.  Later, he worked in legal roles in George Bush Sr's White House.  He served in the US House of Representatives from 1993 to 2005, when George Bush Jr appointed him US Trade Representative. In 2006, Mr Bush appointed him director of the Office of Management and Budget, a role in which he helped formulate White House budget and tax policy.  He left that job in 2007. In 2010 he was elected to the Senate, succeeding Republican George Voinovich. Tim Pawlenty, 51, is seen as a "Sam's Club Republican" for his supposed appeal to working and lower-middle class voters (Sam's Club is a chain of giant discount stores run by Wal-Mart). Mr Pawlenty made his own brief run for the Republican nomination, but quit the race in 2011 before a vote was counted when he failed to gain traction with voters or the media. He could help balance Mr Romney's wealthy, patrician image and certainly brings enough political experience to the table.  Currently without a full-time job, he has been an effective surrogate for Mr Romney on the campaign trail, and the men get on well personally. But he is seen as lacking charisma, and he does not bring to the ticket a geographic constituency - Minnesota is a solidly Democratic state, having last voted for a Republican presidential candidate in 1972, and before that, in 1956. Mr Pawlenty has also broken from current Republican orthodoxy on a number of issues, including on energy and environmental policy (although he later renounced his backing for "cap and trade" plans), and with a call for universal health insurance for children. Mr Pawlenty grew up in a family of modest means in South St Paul, the son of a trucking company worker.  He studied law at the University of Minnesota and was elected to the state House of Representatives from a suburban district in 1992. He rose in the state House, winning the role of Republican majority leader in 1999.  In 2002, he was elected governor.  He was mentioned as a possible vice-presidential running mate to John McCain in 2008. Marco Rubio, 41, is everything Mr Portman and Mr Pawlenty are not: He is young, handsome, energetic, and a gifted and engaging public speaker and television presence.  He is a darling of the conservative populist Tea Party movement, giving him a grassroots appeal Mr Romney's other options lack. The son of Cuban immigrants, Mr Rubio could conceivably dent Mr Obama's overwhelming advantage with Hispanic voters.  And he could help carry the crucial state of Florida for the Republican ticket. But Mr Rubio also brings drawbacks.  At 41, he is younger than Mr Obama was in 2008, and he has less experience on the national political stage than the president did when he launched his run for the White House. When Mr Rubio was young, his family briefly attended a Mormon church, which would risk alienating some evangelical Christian voters already suspicious of Mr Romney's Mormon faith. And it is unclear the extent to which Mr Rubio could win Hispanic votes from the Democrats.  The majority of Hispanic Americans have a Mexican background and are unlikely to identify with a Cuban American merely because they speak the same language. Mr Rubio, a lawyer by training, was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 2000 and rose through the leadership to become House speaker in 2008.  In 2010 he was elected to the US Senate. Bobby Jindal, 41, was the first Indian American elected governor.  In choosing him, Mr Romney would hope to broaden his appeal beyond non-Hispanic white voters - or at least soften the party's image among independent voters. Mr Jindal is a die-hard social conservative and is leading the Republican governors' charge against President Barack Obama's healthcare reform law.  Those attributes could win Mr Romney support on the Republican right-wing. Mr Jindal is also fiercely intelligent, attending Oxford University as a Rhodes scholar. Mr Jindal's first foray into national politics fell flat - he was chosen to give the Republican rebuttal to Mr Obama's 2009 State of the Union address - and he was dismissed as not quite ready for prime-time. His national profile subsequently rose in the wake of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill, when he positioned himself as a bold leader in dealing with the disaster and a critic of the Obama administration's response. Before entering politics, he worked briefly for consulting firm McKinsey and Company in Washington DC.While in his mid-20s he was appointed to lead the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals, and soon was running the national Bipartisan Commission on the Future of Medicare.  Under President George W Bush, he was assistant secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. Mr Jindal was elected to the House of Representatives in 2004, and became governor in 2008. John Thune, 51, has been seen as a giant-killer by fellow Republicans since he ousted the Senate's Democratic majority leader to claim his seat in the chamber in 2004. The two-term Senator has become a familiar face on US talk shows and is a prolific fundraiser within the party, using extra cash from his own coffers to bolster the campaigns of other Republican Senate candidates. Mr Thune's staunchly conservative voting record, especially on social issues, could be an asset for Mr Romney, who has struggled to convince his party's base that he is conservative enough for them. In 2010 Mr Thune toyed with the idea of running for president himself but ultimately decided not to, saying in February 2011 that he preferred to serve in the "trenches" of the Senate. Mr Thune is the son of a Norwegian immigrant and hails from Murdo, a small South Dakota town west of the Missouri River.  He studied at Biola University in California and the University of South Dakota's business school. He served in the House of Representatives from 1997 to 2003.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceOribe Peralta struck from the 18-yard box after 32 seconds following some poor Brazilian defending. Fabian Marco hit the Brazil crossbar before a completely unmarked Peralta headed his team's second goal. Brazil, also hoping to win gold for the first time, pulled a goal back through Hulk in injury-time, before Oscar headed wide when well positioned. "No one predicted that.  I didn't think Mexico would win, let alone be as convincing as that.  Full credit to Mexico, they fully deserve their victory. "In pictures: Mexico celebratesBut the South American side scarcely deserved to take the game into extra-time after a very patchy performance, particularly in defence. Mano Menezes's team had scored three in each of their previous five games and were treating the tournament as an important staging post ahead of hosting the World Cup in 2014. But if they are to succeed on home soil they will have to show a significant improvement from what they produced at Wembley, with star forward Neymar a largely peripheral figure. Menezes went into Saturday's match under huge pressure to deliver gold and fill the one significant missing blank for the Brazilian team, but if the game was to be Brazil's coronation as Olympic champions then Mexico clearly had not read the script. Media playback is not supported on this deviceThey defeated Brazil 2-0 in a friendly earlier in the summer and stunned Wembley when Peralta's low strike nestled in the bottom corner while many inside the stadium were still taking their seats. Manchester United defender Rafael was partly at fault for the goal, his sloppy pass allowing Javier Aquino to nip in and dispossess Sandro, with the ball running invitingly into the path of Peralta. Brazil could not find their stride - a situation not helped by a series of niggly fouls that broke up play and angered coach Menezes, who could be seen waving an imaginary card on the touchline. And their disappointing start was put into stark perspective when Menezes made a change just after the half-hour mark, bringing on Hulk for Alex Sandro. "Mexico deserve it, Brazil were arrogant and sloppy.  They just thought they could turn up and win.  It was a shocking performance from Brazil.  They started poorly and continued in that vein. "The substitution made a difference and Jose Corona managed to palm clear a swerving strike from Hulk while Marcelo shot wastefully wide after he had linked with Oscar and Leandro Damiao to carve open the left side of the Mexican defence. By the early stages of the second half it was obvious that Mexico had opted to try to defend their lead. This seemed to play into the hands of their opponents, particularly Neymar, who had disappointed in the opening half but briefly relished the chance to repeatedly run at the Mexico defence. He twice shot wide and saw another effort blocked, but his influence soon faded and Mexico almost struck with a swift break. There was more shoddy Brazilian defending involved too, as Fabian dispossessed an opponent far too easily and eventually saw his overhead effort rebound off the crossbar. An unmarked Peralta later slotted home from six yards but Brazil were saved by the offside flag.  There was to be no reprieve with 15 minutes remaining. A free-kick was delivered from the right and the Mexico striker was left completely alone to head home from eight yards. Brazil's frustrating afternoon saw team-mates Juan Jesus and Rafael square up to each other in the final minutes. Hulk's injury-time strike into the bottom corner briefly ignited hope of a spectacular comeback and Oscar then headed wastefully wide at the near post as Mexico held on.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe team finished second but the final handover between Daniel Talbot and Adam Gemili, 18, was not completed in time. Gemili said: "Maybe I went early or too hard.  It's disappointing as we could have been in contention in the final. ""It looked like Gemili went a little bit early.  There could have been a situation where Adam was just so amped up and excited by this crowd, this moment and this opportunity that he was running a little bit faster than the mark was made for. "Favourites Jamaica rested Usain Bolt but still won heat one, while, in the second, the United States recorded the fastest overall qualification time. Britain, who won this event at the 2004 Games in Athens, were disqualified in Beijing four years ago and have now made a mess of baton changes in five of the last six major championships. Talbot said: "I don't know what happened.  I just couldn't catch Adam.  I'm really gutted and it's devastating. "Christian Malcolm, who ran the first leg for Britain, described the outcome as "unfortunate".  He added: "It's one of those things that happens but it's a fantastic performance to run the time we did.  Daniel has come in at the last moment.  This is a big stadium and it can be overwhelming.
Rees, who starred in BBC drama series Poldark in the 1970s, was 63. In a statement, her family said they were "deeply saddened" and the actress, who also enjoyed an extensive theatre career, would be "greatly missed". "Angharad passed away peacefully today with her family at her bedside in London, after a long battle with pancreatic cancer," her family said. Rees was married to the late Dynasty actor Christopher Cazenove for more than 20 years and they had two sons together, Linford and Rhys, 35. Linford, the elder of the two, died in a car crash on the M11 in Essex in 1999 aged 25. In 1994 the actress divorced Cazenove and went on to marry David McAlpine, of the construction family, in 2005, with whom she lived in London. Rees played Demelza in Poldark, a costume drama based on the novels written by Winston Graham and first broadcast in the UK between 1975 and 1977. She also had a role in cult classic Jack the Ripper film Hands Of The Ripper and on stage she appeared in A Winter's Tale, Richard II and Romeo And Juliet. In addition to her acting success, she also founded an eponymously titled jewellery design company based in Knightsbridge, with her pieces featured in the film Elizabeth, The Golden Age. Her family said she remained an active supporter of the arts and was an honorary fellow of the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama in Cardiff, the city where she grew up as a young child. Her funeral will be private but there are plans for a service in celebration of her life which will be announced at a later date.
James Holmes, 24, is accused of opening fire at a midnight showing of the new Batman movie last Friday, killing 12 and wounding 58. Judge William Sylvester has denied a request by Denver-area media for expanded coverage on 30 July. The suspect's lawyers had objected to the media's request. His first court appearance on Monday was filmed, despite the defence team's objections. He appeared dazed as he sat in court in a burgundy jail suit with dyed orange hair, prompting media speculation about his mental state. According to a report on ABC News, the suspect has been forced to wear a face guard because he kept spitting at prison officers. Judge Sylvester's order on Tuesday follows calls from some victims' family members to avoid using the suspect's name and his photos. "I don't want the media to be saturated with the shooter's name," said Jordan Ghawi, whose 24-year-old sister Jessica was killed in the shooting. Police were not allowing residents of Mr Holmes' apartment building to return on Tuesday, as investigators continued to work there. Officials reportedly found 30 grenades and several gallons of gasoline inside the apartment, rigged into a booby-trap. Twenty of the wounded remained in hospital on Tuesday, including six in critical condition. Batman star Christian Bale visited victims at the Medical Center of Aurora in the afternoon, the hospital's president confirmed. "It was good for the patients," Bill Voloch told the Denver Post.  "We hope it was therapeutic for them, and all the staff really appreciated him coming. "Mr Voloch said that the actor had asked to visit, but requested that the media not be notified.  A Facebook photo of Bale at the hospital was posted online. The BBC's Alastair Leithead says the actor also met paramedics, doctors and police officers involved in treating people in the aftermath, as well as visited a makeshift memorial to the dead. Meanwhile, a heavily pregnant 21-year-old woman who escaped the cinema shootings gave birth to a baby boy on Tuesday morning. Katie Medley's husband Caleb, a 23-year-old aspiring comedian, was shot in the head and remains in a critical condition. A small group of Democratic lawmakers in Washington renewed calls on Tuesday to ban high-capacity gun magazines. But with November's elections looming, congressional leaders and President Barack Obama said there would be no movement on gun control in the near future. Senator Robert Menendez, among the few calling for tougher laws, conceded calls for legislation were unlikely to succeed, but said it was important to start a debate. "I hope that this does spark a national conversation about where we go in terms of reasonable gun control measures," Sen Menendez said.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceFifteen of those won gold.  How many of them will be back to defend their titles in 2016 at the Rio Olympic Games, and who else might come through the ranks to join them?A week is a long time in sport, never mind four years.  But here, BBC Sport takes an early look at some names in the frame for future Olympic fame. Media playback is not supported on this deviceSix of the 12 British Olympians who won more than one medal at London 2012 were younger than 26. Laura Trott, 20, and boyfriend Jason Kenny, 24, were both double Olympic champions in the velodrome, Andy Murray, 25,took tennis gold and silver, gymnasts Louis Smith, 23,and Max Whitlock, 19,both picked up two medals, and Rebecca Adlington, 23,won double bronze in freestyle swimming. It would be risky to bet against any of them returning for Rio.  Trott, in particular, has the chance to establish a legacy to match Sir Chris Hoy's record medal haul over the next decade, having dominated her team pursuit and omnium events in recent years. Adlington has some thinking to do after losing both of her Olympic titles, particularly following the stunning performance of American 15-year-old Katie Ledecky over her favoured 800m distance.  Smith has suggested younger gymnasts may prove better all-rounders and push him out of the 2016 gymnastics team. But you can expect Whitlock to be a bedrock of that squad if he maintains his progress, while Trott and Kenny should have at least two more Olympic outings left in them, if not more.  Murray will certainly hope to defend his singles title in Rio. Of course, 25 is something of an arbitrary barrier.  In many sports, you can just as easily win a medal in your 40s or 50s as your teens.  Many of GB's gold medallists can be expected to fight for their place, if not retain their title, in four years' time - think of the likes of Jess Ennis, 26,and Mo Farah, 29, plus many of the GB rowing team. To take an example from the opposite end of the spectrum: Nick Skelton is 54, has come back from a broken neck and a hip replacement, and now needs work on his back - but the team showjumping champion plans to return. Media playback is not supported on this devicePlenty of likely candidates for Rio 2016 have already broken into the team at London 2012, even if they didn't grab the headlines. The most obvious of these is Adam Gemili, the world junior champion over 100m, whose time of 10. 06 seconds in the Olympic semi-finals saw him narrowly miss out on a place in the final alongside the likes of Jamaican winner Usain Bolt and his team-mate Yohan Blake. Gemili, still only 18, has already been hailed by US rival Tyson Gay as a man with the potential to become one of the greatest in history.  By Rio, we will know a lot more about what the former footballer can achieve on the track. Nineteen-year-old Katarina Johnson-Thompson (heptathlon or long jump) and 20-year-old hurdler Andrew Pozzi are others whose names were lower down the 2012 card but could top the billing in Rio. Andrew Osagie, the 800m runner, finished last in his final as David Rudisha stormed home in a new world record, but the Briton ran a personal best that would have won gold at any of the three previous Olympics.  He will be 28 in 2016. In contrast Olympic triathlon champion Alistair Brownlee occupied every headline going with his stunning win but will face renewed pressure from younger brother Jonny in Rio. The two look set to dominate their sport for years to come, but 22-year-old Jonny may yet have it in him to surpass his 24-year-old sibling in time for Rio, having taken bronze behind Alistair in Hyde Park. In gymnastics, Rebecca Tunney made her Olympic debut as the youngest member of Team GB at the age of 15, looking assured and unfazed in the women's all-around final.  She will spend the next four years increasing the difficulty of her routines although, in a sport with a phenomenally high turnover rate as new gymnasts come on the scene, she already faces a battle to keep her place in the British team. Fencer James Davis impressed as Britain valiantly scrapped to a narrow defeat by world number ones Italy in the men's team foil event, and he could be joined by world junior epee champion Philip Marsh in Rio. Teenager Harry Martin somehow managed to have a decent game for the GB men's hockey team as they were drubbed 9-2 by the Netherlands in their semi-final and is one to watch, while rowing trio Constantine Louloudis, George Nash and Will Satch all picked up bronze at Eton Dorney and will look to upgrade that in Brazil. Swimming was a disappointment for Britain at their home Games, and now the search is on for future stars.  Siobhan-Marie O'Connor, the 16-year-old breaststroke swimmer from Bath, may be one of them if she can improve her race strategy.  Diver Jack Laugher struggled in his 3m competition and finished 27th but he will only be 21 by the time of Rio; Tom Daley, of course, will be just 22 himself. Some of the GB stars at Rio 2016 could be in sports entirely new to the Games. British teams will fancy their chances at medals in rugby sevens, introduced to the Olympic programme for the first time, with Michaela Staniford a name to remember as the 25-year-old captain of the current England women's team. Kiteboarding replaces windsurfing for Rio and Steph Bridge, a four-time world champion in the sport for Britain, has already seen her profile rise as a result.  If windsurfing wins its appeal against losing its place, Izzy Hamilton could benefit.  The pro windsurfer is also taking up kiteboarding with a view to reaching Rio, no matter which of the two is included. Elsewhere in sailing, 22-year-old Katrina Hughes - who lost her battle for a place in the women's 470 boat to Hannah Mills and Saskia Clark, this time - will be back and raring to go alongside partner Penny Clark for 2016. A crop of gymnasts are preparing to emerge from the increasingly successful British junior production line.  European junior champions Frank Baines and Nile Wilson are two leading lights on the men's side while Youth Olympic trampolinist Nathan Bailey is hoping to star at 2016.  Ellie Downie, younger sister of 2008 Olympic gymnast Becky, is just 12 years old now but will be 16 and could have reached her peak by the time of the next Games. Cycling has a seemingly endless conveyor belt of talent to raid for 2016.  Names like Lucy Garner and Simon Yates, both already junior world champions in their short careers, could be firmly established in senior circles well before then. Other names waiting in the wings for Rio include boxer Chantelle Cameron, eventer Laura Collett and modern pentathletes Freyja Prentice and Jamie Cooke, the latter tipped by his coaches as a future world champion. Rowers Pat Lapage and Mike Evans, and Michael Eilberg with Woodlander Farouche in dressage, will also hope to be in Rio.
County Londonderry man Smyth, 25, is continuing his preparations for the Paralympics in London where he will defend his T13 100m and 200m titles. However, Smyth is already thinking ahead to the 2016 Olympics in Rio. "I want to give it another really good shot over the next four years and get what I didn't get this year," he said. Smyth's 100m personal best of 10. 22 set last year was only four one-hundredths of a second (0. 04secs) outside the qualifying time for the London Olympics. The visually-impaired sprinter based himself largely in Florida for the past three years as he chased Olympic qualification before time ran out on his bid last month. Smyth became the first paralympic athlete ever to compete at a European Championships in Barcelona in 2010 and his progression on the able-bodied circuit continued last year when he was selected for the World Championships in Daegu. The 25-year-old remains determined to reach his Olympic goal in Rio even though the 100m qualifying mark for the Games in Brazil may be even quicker than the London A standard of 10. 18. "At one stage, I was wondering whether I wanted to keep going but I want to reach my potential and I haven't done that yet," added Smyth whose has less than 10 per cent of normal sight because of the Stargardt's condition. "Europeans and World Championships are good stepping stones to try and compete at the Olympics and I will be aiming to compete in those events in the run-up to Rio as well my normal paralympic competitions. "Smyth has still to work out his coaching arrangements after the paralympics with his current mentor Stephen Maguire moving to take up a new role with Scottish Athletics in the autumn. "I don't know yet for sure.  I'm looking at probably going back to the States and hopefully getting a new coaching situation sorted out with a view towards aiming for Rio," added Smyth, who is currently in Portugal at a pre-Paralympics Team Ireland training camp. The big events in 2012 will not conclude for Smyth with the Paralympics as he gets married to his American sweetheart Elise in the US in December.
Taylor, 23, underwent surgery on multiple fractures, but the club's head physotherapist Kate Rees says he is expected to make a full recovery. Rees said: "The surgeons worked hard on Neil's injury. . .  and did a very good job. "He is comfortable and the surgeons are happy with the operations. "She added: "While he should make a full recovery, the extent of the injury means Neil is likely to miss the rest of the season. ''Taylor was injured after falling awkwardly in the first half at the Liberty Stadium. His foot was trapped underneath him as he fell to the ground, taking the full weight of Sunderland's Craig Gardner on the way down. Taylor immediately summoned the Swansea medical staff as he held his left ankle in agony after just 15 minutes of the match. "When you have injuries like that it is normally very violent, but this was not violent," said manager Michael Laudrup. "It was even a free-kick against us. "Sometimes these injuries happen in strange ways, you don't think anything is wrong and then there is ligament damage or something like that, it is very sad. "But you see things that are much more violent than that - this was not violent, it was unlucky. "He was very unlucky to fall in a bad way, you can't blame the Sunderland player for that. "As well as missing a significant part of Swansea's season, Taylor will be unavilable for most of Wales' 2014 World Cup qualifying campaign, which starts against Belgium on Friday. Taylor impressed for Team GB at the 2012 London Olympic Games and was expected to play a big part in Wales boss Chris Coleman's plans. Teenager Ben Davies was Taylor's replacement for Swansea, making an assured Premier League debut as Laudrup's side twice hit back to secure a draw.
The semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest took place on Saturday 15 April, 1989. The match was sold out, meaning more than 53,000 fans from the two sides would head for Hillsborough for the 15. 00 kick-off. Despite being a far larger club, Liverpool supporters were allocated the smaller end of the stadium, Leppings Lane, so that their route would not bring them into contact with Forest fans arriving from the south. Football crowds at the time had a reputation for hooliganism and strict segregation was enforced. Fans began arriving at Leppings Lane at about midday.  The entrance had a limited number of turnstiles, of which just seven were allocated to the 10,100 fans with tickets for the standing terraces. Once through the turnstiles, supporters would have seen a wide tunnel leading down to the terrace and signposted "Standing". As was common practice in grounds at the time, the terrace was divided into "pens" by high fences that corralled fans into blocks and separated them from the pitch. The tunnel led directly into the two pens behind the goal, pens 3 and 4.  Access to other pens was poorly-marked - a sign for refreshments was bigger than one showing the way to pens 1 and 2, the inquests heard. There was no system on the day to ensure fans were evenly distributed across the pens and no way of counting how many were in each pen. The match commander was Ch Supt David Duckenfield.  He was new in his post and had limited experience of policing football matches. Police expected supporters to "find their own level" by spreading out across the pens in search of space, but this was difficult to do as movement between the pens was by narrow gates at the rear. By 14. 15 a crowd had started to build outside the Leppings Lane turnstiles and it swelled rapidly over the next quarter of an hour. Progress through the seven turnstiles was slow and by 14. 30 just 4,383 people had entered, meaning 5,700 ticketed fans were set to enter the ground in the half hour before kick-off. The inquests were told Mr Duckenfield and Supt Bernard Murray discussed delaying the kick off to allow fans to enter but decided against it. By 14. 45 CCTV footage showed there were thousands of people pressing into the turnstiles and alongside a large exit gate, called Gate C.The funnel-shaped nature of the area meant that the congestion was hard to escape for those at the front.  The turnstiles became difficult to operate and people were starting to be crushed. The police officer in charge of the area, Supt Roger Marshall, told the inquests he thought somebody was "going to get killed here" unless the exit gates were opened to alleviate the pressure. He made several requests and at 14. 52, Mr Duckenfield gave the order and the gates were opened. About 2,000 fans then made their way into the ground.  Most of those entering through Gate C headed straight for the tunnel leading directly to pens 3 and 4. This influx caused severe crushing in the pens.  Fans began climbing over side fences into the relatively less packed adjoining pens to escape. The pens' official combined capacity was 2,200.  It was later discovered this had not been updated since 1979, despite modifications made to the ground in the intervening decade. At 14. 59, the game kicked off.  Fans in the two central pens were pressed up against the fences and crush barriers.  One barrier in pen 3 gave way, causing people to fall on top of each other. Those who survived told of seeing people lose consciousness in front of their eyes. Supporters continued to climb perimeter fences to escape, while others were dragged to safety by fans in the upper tiers. At 15. 06 Supt Roger Greenwood ran on to the pitch and told the referee to stop the game. In the chaotic aftermath, supporters tore up advertising hoardings to use as makeshift stretchers and tried to administer first aid to the injured. The authorities' response to the disaster was slow and badly co-ordinated. Police delayed declaring a major incident and staff from South Yorkshire Metropolitan Ambulance Service at the ground also failed to recognise and call a major incident.  The jury decided this led to delays in the responses to the emergency. Firefighters with cutting gear had difficulty getting into the ground, and although dozens of ambulances were dispatched, access to the pitch was delayed because police were reporting "crowd trouble". Only two ambulances reached the Leppings Lane end of the pitch and of the 96 people who died, only 14 were ever admitted to hospital. For the jury in the inquests, police errors in planning, defects at the stadium and delays in the emergency response all contributed to the disaster.  The behaviour of fans was not to blame. Match commander Ch Supt David Duckenfield had a duty of care to fans in the stadium that day, the jurors decided. They found he was in breach of that duty of care, that this amounted to gross negligence and that the 96 victims were unlawfully killed.
The governing body took the decision to switch the club's membership to OK Bulls Ltd after Khan's group bought the club from the administrators in August. Bradford's membership was suspended in June when they entered administration. "The board's decision closes the door on much of the uncertainty that has surrounded the Bulls in recent months," RFL director Blake Solly said. "The club's new owners have co-operated fully with the RFL throughout this necessarily extensive process and we look forward to working with Mr Khan and Mr Sutcliffe in the months and years ahead. "The decision to grant membership is an important step that will help the board to determine which competition Bradford Bulls will compete in from 2013. "No decision has yet been reached on what division the Bulls will compete in next season but an announcement is expected by the end of the week on how that decision will be reached. Bradford finished ninth in Super League this season, three points outside the play-offs, having been deducted six points for entering administration.
Flint Community Hospital could be closed under plans by Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board (BCUHB) to reorganise its services in north Wales. Campaigners joined a protest march from the hospital to attend the public meeting at the town hall. In a statement BCUHB said retaining the status quo was "not an option". The health board, which predicts a financial shortfall of Â£64. 6m this year, revealed details of its proposed shake-up in July. Under plans being considered Blaenau Ffestiniog community hospital could also close and minor injury accident departments may shut at other locations. Neo-natal intensive care may also be transferred over the border to England as part of the proposed shake-up. Shortly after the plans were made public GPs in the area revealed their concerns about the effects of proposed cuts on community services. Mark Scriven, the health board's medical director, said there was sound reasoning behind the proposals to close Flint hospital. "The thinking generally about the problems we're trying to address in these proposals with community hospitals is that some of them are very old, and they have poor fabric," he told BBC Radio Wales. He said it was not just the furnishings that were not up to scratch, the physical space did not suit modern health care. "A lot of them, and the services they provide, are underused, and certainly the minor injuries unit at Flint hospital is underused, which is important because it doesn't allow the nurses running it to maintain their experience according to their professional bodies," added Mr Scriven. In response, Jack Reece, chairman of the Save Our Cottage Hospital Campaign, said Flint hospital was well used. Speaking at Tuesday protest, he added: "They've closed us, they took beds away from us.  We've had 18 going down to 14, going down to 12, 10. "They're taking away our clinics from there.  They have systematically dropped the services from this town. "Mr Reece described BCUHB's plans as a new version of old proposals by the Flintshire Health Board which had already been rejected by the Welsh government. Explaining the reasons behind its proposed shake-up, BCUHB said it was clear that it could not afford to stand still. "The status quo is not an option," the board said. "The proposals we are now making are intended to change the way in which services are provided and where they are provided to ensure patient safety and meet quality standards. "The proposals will allow us to attract and retain the professional clinical staff we need and control our costs when public finances are decreasing. "BCUHB said its consultation exercise would run until 28 October, and it would also take account of the views of the community health council and any views they have heard from the public before making decisions. Any changes would start in early 2013, it said.
When I arrive at Lord Bannside's Belfast home, I am greeted on the doorstep by his wife, Eileen, or Baroness Paisley to use her official title. She knew I was coming and quickly ushers me into one of the front rooms where her husband is waiting. He is ready for the interview but before we begin filming there is much to see. Laid out on an impressive dining table, he has placed an array of memorabilia from the Home Rule crisis. There are antiquarian books signed by his political hero, Sir Edward Carson. There are rare cartoons from the period and framed portraits.  There is also an original scrap book that details the drama and intrigue of the 1914 loyalist gun-running. Then there are the weapons - two swords - one that belonged to Fred Crawford who organised the gun running and beside it sits a dummy wooden rifle that was once carried by one of Carson's volunteers. The former first minister tells me he has had it in his possession for 50 years. His display of Home Rule exhibits would not look out of place in a museum. Lord Bannside is understandably proud of his collection and each item comes with a story of how he acquired it and who gave it to them. We begin by discussing the signing of the Ulster Covenant and what it means to him a century on. He smiles, as it is clearly a subject that he has long considered and often discussed. He tells me: "It is a tremendous story" and he adds that it would "never have happened without Edward Carson". Throughout his political career Lord Bannside often compared himself to Carson, so I wanted to know if he believed he had always acted the way his hero would have behaved. For example, did he think Carson would have approved of a power-sharing government with Sinn Fein?"Yes I think he would",  he tells me.  He later adds that he thinks Carson would have viewed some modern day unionists badly as they are "weak on the preservation of the union". Our discussion then moves onto how the centenary of the Covenant should be marked.  He hopes Saturday's parade in Belfast will pass off peacefully. He says it needs to be carefully handled, well organised and must be kept legal. I press him on whether the Orange Order should have done more to reach out to resident groups. He rejects the suggestion because he believes that the Order have done all that could be expected. He insists: "I don't think the Orange Order is aggressively opposing and hurting people. "He also feels that Order does not have to go and "bend the knee" to explain its actions. He says the Loyal Orders have the right to walk past Catholic churches and play hymns provided they are not trying to "incite people". I could not end our conversation without discussing his health. Seven months after he was admitted to the Ulster Hospital with heart problems he looks healthy. I ask him how he is and he replies "very well". In what appears to be a challenge he says: "I don't look like a sick man, do I?"Although his voice is quieter, in many ways he is like the Ian Paisley of old. He still has a good line for journalists, and like his political hero Edward Carson, he insists he will always stick to his guns.
This afternoon, the Labour leader returned to the stage - in shirt sleeves this time - to face questions from his audience. One introduced herself: "Christina Rees, newly-elected Labour councillor for Bridgend. "So far so good.  But then it got trickier. "And you haven't kissed me, Ed, but you kissed Barbara yesterday and I'm extremely jealous," joked Christina. A look of mock alarm came over the leader's face as he assured delegates: "Don't get the wrong idea by the way. "Christina told her leader how Labour had won a by-election in Bettws: "The Tories only got 12 votes!"Ed Miliband started to look concerned: "Don't give us all the Bridgend results because we might be here. . . . . "He cut swiftly to his next questioner - Barbara Jones, from Caerphilly, who introduced herself thus: "I am the lucky one that got the kiss yesterday and I've had so many texts you wouldn't believe it. "Had he not been wearing television make-up, Ed Miliband surely would have blushed.  Instead, he briefly referred to delegates as "comrades" for the first time, while imploring Barbara to move on. Barbara moved on, but 24 hours into the era of "one nation Labour" the leader has discovered that you can't please all the people all the time.
The firm has reported a net profit of $471m (Â£294m) in the three months to 8 September. China contributed more than half of Yum's $3. 6bn revenue during the period. US-based Yum is the biggest Western restaurant operator in China and fears about growth in the country had pushed Yum shares lower in recent weeks. Profits in Yum's Chinese business had dropped in the second quarter because of higher costs but rebounded in the third quarter, rising by 22%. Since June, the group has opened 394 new restaurants, of which 192 new units were in China, which contributed to its sales growth. Globally, profits for the group grew 18% during the period. The company beat its earnings targets and has raised its full-year outlook.
The 34-year-old finished the gruelling 2. 4-mile swim, 112-mile bike ride and 26. 2-mile run in nine hours, 15 minutes and 54 seconds. She was just over a minute clear of Switzerland's Caroline Steffen. It was Cave's second world title of the year after victory in the Half Ironman World Championship last month. "I'm kind of speechless," said Cave, who finished third behind fellow Briton Chrissie Wellington and Australian Mirinda Carfrae in 2011. "I just hope they don't come out with another distance.  I'm getting too old for this. "Britain's Rachel Joyce finished 11th in 9:40:16, while double Olympic medallist Rebecca Romero, who took up Ironman after retiring from cycling, came home in 11:39:08. Cave was always in contention at the front of the field, exiting the swim in fourth and the bike in third, then pulling clear of Australian rival Carfrae on the run before overhauling Steffen. Australia's Pete Jacobs won the men's event, beating Germany's Andreas Raelert by more than four minutes.
The Serbian FA has been charged with alleged racist chanting by fans and both associations over the behaviour of players at the end of the game. Violent scenes erupted shortly after Connor Wickham scored in the 90th minute to give England a 1-0 win. The cases will be discussed at the next ordinary hearing of the Uefa Control and Disciplinary Body on 22 November. A Uefa statement read: "Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against both the Football Association of Serbia (FSS) and England's Football Association (FA) following a number of incidents during and after England's 1-0 win over Serbia in the 2013 Uefa European Under-21 Championship play-off second leg at the Mladost stadium in Krusevac on Tuesday 16 October 2012. Media playback is not supported on this device"Regarding alleged racist chanting, Uefa will instigate proceedings against the FSS over the misconduct of their supporters during and at the end of the match.  Proceedings will also be instigated against the FSS for the improper conduct of the Serbia players at the end of the match. "Uefa will also commence proceedings against the FA for the improper conduct of the England players at the end of the match. "Moments after Wickham's strike, which ensured Stuart Pearce's side qualified for Euro 2013, a series of scuffles between players and staff on both sides broke out as missiles were thrown on to the field. Sunderland's Danny Rose was sent off after the final whistle for kicking the ball away in reaction to the abuse he was receiving.  He later claimed the abuse was racial. However, the Serbian FA released a statement on Wednesday saying a connection between the on-pitch scuffles and racism had "absolutely no ground" and also blamed Rose for the clashes because of "inappropriate, unsportsmanlike and vulgar" behaviour. The FA rejects that version of the events and urged Uefa to take the "strongest possible action" against anyone found guilty of racism. FA general secretary Alex Horne said: "Our players and staff were subjected to racial abuse, violence as well as missiles being thrown at them throughout the match. "What occurred is inexcusable and not acceptable.  We are making a formal complaint to Uefa today. "We call on Uefa to take the strongest possible action against the Serbian FA, their supporters and anyone found guilty of being involved in the numerous instances of violence and abuse.
Danny McKay, 36, was shot dead at his home on Longlands Road in Newtownabbey last Thursday at 20:30 BST.Before the murder, five masked men entered a house at Dunore Court in Belfast's New Lodge and forced the occupant to hand over his VW Bora. At 20:50 BST the VW was found burnt-out in Ardmoulin Place in the Falls.  Police believe the incidents are linked. Detectives from the PSNI's serious crime branch, working with uniformed officers, returned to all three locations on Thursday to talk to local people and passers-by. The officer leading the investigation, DCI John McVea, said: "We have made a number of arrests but this investigation will continue for some time.  This was a brutal murder and we are asking for people's assistance. "He said they were also keen to speak to anyone who may have seen a dark coloured saloon car "being driven in a suspicious manner" in the Longlands area in the days before the murder. "Our final appeal is about a man with a light-coloured top seen running away from the burning car at Ardmoulin Place.  If you can provide information about this, we need to hear from you," he added. A 25-year-old man was arrested by police on Thursday morning in north Belfast and is being questioned about the murder at Antrim police station.  A number of other people arrested in connection with the killing have been released.
The finding deals a significant blow to the theory of physics known as supersymmetry. Many researchers had hoped the LHC would have confirmed this by now. Supersymmetry, or Susy, has gained popularity as a way to explain some of the inconsistencies in the traditional theory of subatomic physics known as the Standard Model. The new observation, reported at the Hadron Collider Physics conference in Kyoto and outlined in an as-yet unpublished paper, is not consistent with many of the most likely models of Susy. Prof Chris Parkes, who is the spokesperson for the UK participation in the LHCb experiment, told BBC News: "Supersymmetry may not be dead but these latest results have certainly put it into hospital. "Supersymmetry theorises the existence of more massive versions of particles that have already been detected. If found, they might help explain the phenomenon known as dark matter.  Galaxies appear to rotate faster at their edges than the matter we see can account for, and one set of candidates for this missing dark matter is supersymmetric particles. However, researchers at the LHCb detector have dealt a serious blow to hopes of finding them. They have measured the decay between a particle known as a Bs meson into two particles known as muons.  It is the first time that this decay has ever been observed, and the team has calculated that for every billion times that the Bs meson decays it only decays in this way three times. If superparticles were to exist, the decay would happen far more often.  This experiment is one of the "golden" tests for supersymmetry, and it would appear that this hugely popular theory among physicists has failed. The result is at a statistical level of "3. 5 sigma" - meaning that there is a one-in-4300 chance that the team would see the same "bump" in their data if the decay were not happening.  This level makes the find worth further investigation, but falls well short of the 5-sigma level of certainty required for a formal discovery. Prof Val Gibson, leader of the Cambridge University LHCb team, said that the new result was "putting our supersymmetry theory colleagues in a spin". The results are in fact completely in line with what one would expect from the Standard Model.  There is already concern that the LHCb's sister detectors might have expected to have detected superparticles by now, yet none has been found so far. If supersymmetry is not an explanation for dark matter, then theorists will have to find alternative ideas to explain those inconsistencies in the Standard Model.  So far researchers who are racing to find evidence of so called "new physics" have run into a series of dead ends. "If new physics exists, then it is hiding very well behind the Standard Model," commented Cambridge physicist Dr Marc-Olivier Bettler, a member of the analysis team. The result does not rule out the possibility that super particles exist.  But according to Prof Parkes, "they are running out of places to hide". Supporters of supersymmetry, however, such as Prof John Ellis of King's College London, said that the observation is "quite consistent with supersymmetry". "In fact," he said, "(it) was actually expected in (some) supersymmetric models.   I certainly won't lose any sleep over the result.
The 27-year-old will not need surgery after breaking his leg in an innocuous clash with Reds winger Raheem Sterling. Latics boss Roberto Martinez said: "It is not as bad as it could have been. "Watson, who spent two nights at the Royal Liverpool Hospital, has now returned home to begin his recovery and will wear a cast for a few weeks. The club are optimistic he will be able to resume training in the new year. Martinez added: "It's still a very serious injury and we need to ensure that Ben is given all the time that he needs to make a full recovery. "The good news is that he won't be out for as long as we initially thought and, with the character that Ben has, he will be able to deal with such an injury. "Former England Under-21 international Watson collapsed to the Anfield turf clutching his right leg shortly after the half-hour mark of Saturday's Premier League match. But he waved away the help of a stretcher and limped off with the support of Wigan medical staff. Watson, who joined from Crystal Palace in a £2m deal almost four years ago, had been in and out of the side this season but had started the last three Premier League games. Martinez said: "Ben has just started to put his stamp on the team and he will be missed in the group because of the type of lad he is.
The Department for Education (DfE) met the expense from its overall budget, says the National Audit Office report. "The department was unprepared for the financial implications of rapid expansion," the authors say. The government said it made "no apology for spending money on a programme that is proven to drive up standards". In May 2010 there were 203 academies, which are publicly funded independent state schools directly accountable to the DfE and outside local authority control.  The programme was started by the Labour government as a way to transform struggling schools. After the election the Education Secretary, Michael Gove, announced plans to allow all schools in England to convert to academy status.  By September 2012 some 2,309 schools had converted, representing a growth of 1,307%, and 48% of secondary pupils were attending academies. Amyas Morse, head of the National Audit Office (NAO), said the increase was "a significant achievement - however the Department for Education was not sufficiently prepared for the financial implications of such a rapid expansion, or for the challenge of overseeing and monitoring such a large number of new academies". According to the report, the department had budgeted £7. 3bn to set up and run academies in the two years from April 2010 to March 2012. It says officials were expecting some extra expenditure, to cover factors such as additional insurance, but were unprepared for the numbers of academies wanting to convert.  In fact the total expenditure on academies amounted to £8. 3bn - £1bn over budget. The £1bn includes £350m paid to local authorities for temporary continued funding of places at non-academy schools, effectively double funding places while academies were being set up. The report says that to fund the expansion and remain within overall spending limits, the DfE had to find the money from other budgets, including the main schools settlement. A spokesman for the Department for Education said: "We make no apology for the fact that more schools than even we imagined have opted to convert, and no apology for spending money on a programme that is proven to drive up standards and make long-term school improvements. "We want as many schools as possible to take advantage of the significant benefits academy status brings because it means more schools run by great heads and teachers, not local authority or Whitehall bureaucrats, and more children getting a first-class education. "The Department for Education has made significant savings in the last two and a half years and also set aside significant contingencies which have been set against the growth in academies. "Additionally, the costs of converting academies have already fallen by 53% per academy.  We anticipate further changes we are making will radically reduce costs in 2013-14 and beyond. "Margaret Hodge MP, chairwoman of the Commons public accounts committee, said: "The decision to change fundamentally the nature of the programme away from one solely directed at struggling schools is up to the government, but taxpayers have the right to expect a more considered and controlled approach to public spending than the department has so far displayed. "Shadow education secretary Stephen Twigg called for greater scrutiny, oversight and local accountability "to ensure school standards improve and the taxpayer gets value for money". The figures also drew criticism from teaching unions with Mary Bousted, of the Association and Teachers and Lecturers, saying they showed "only too clearly that the expansion of academies is being driven by political ideology and not by what's best for children's education". Christine Blower, of the National Union of Teachers, said: "It is absurd for the government to justify spending £8. 3bn on academy conversions in two years while at the same time warning of a dire economic situation.  Meanwhile, many good state schools are told there's no money as they stand in a state of disrepair with ever-diminishing support services.
He is among the hundreds of boys who collect coins thrown into the river by visitors and devotees during the annual month-long Sonepur fair, which is said to be Asia's biggest cattle fair. Armed with heavy magnetic rings tied with colourful plastic ropes, Rohit is at work every day from 5am to 5pm.  For a month, he is missing school. "I fish out around 100 rupees [$1. 83; Â£1. 14] to 110 rupees every day and my mother is happy with my efforts," says Rohit. His father, Shatrughan Singh, is a day labourer who earns a similar amount on the days he can find work. Rohit hands over the money he collects to his parents and it goes a long way in helping feed their family of six. Rohit first started going to the river bank two years ago after he saw other village boys going every morning with their fishing lines. "I was curious, so one day I went along with them and learned the tricks of the trade," he said. He borrowed 10 rupees ($0. 18; Â£0. 11) from his mother, promising to return double the money in the evening. At the beginning of the cattle fair, hundreds of thousands of Hindu devotees bathe at the confluence of the Gandak and Ganges rivers in Sonepur, in Saran district, 35km (21 miles) north of the state capital, Patna. The devout also throw coins in the river as a mark of their devotion and reverence. As soon as a coin is thrown into the water, the hawk-eyed little boys throw their magnets in the same direction, much like the fishermen throwing their nets into the sea. "I generally collect coins worth 150 rupees ($2. 70; Â£1. 70) a day and most of the time my family buys food with this money," said Rakesh Kumar, another coin collector. Rakesh's father, Suresh Rai, runs a tea stall at the fair ground and has a large family of nine members. Rakesh and his sibling Bittu Kumar come to the river bank every morning at the crack of dawn and leave only after at 5pm. "My rope has just a single magnet which is not very effective.  I'll buy a bigger one soon so that I can collect more coins," Rakesh said. Gruelling povertyHis friend Krishna Kumar, who also collects coins worth 100-150 rupees a day, says their work is not easy. "I spend almost 10 hours a day on the river bank, with my eyes fixed on the coins thrown into the water.  Sometimes I get them, sometime I lose to other friends," he said as he displayed a coin he had just fished out of water. Krishna says he keeps a part of the money he makes "to buy some sweets at the fair". "When the fair begins, one can see hundreds of young coin collectors here.  See how they have used local technology to fish out coins from water," Radheshyam Panda, who performs religious rituals on the river bank, said. "These young coin collectors may use different magnet sizes or different colours of plastic ropes but one thing which they have in common is their gruelling poverty," said Mahendra Babu who sells ingredients for religious ceremonies on the river bank.
Between April and October 103 liner visits are scheduled to Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Herm. In 2011 there were 91 scheduled visits, with 29 being cancelled due to bad weather and itinerary changes. Capt Peter Gill, Guernsey's harbour master, said: "It was a very poor year in weather terms and affected virtually every aspect of our activities. "He said: "It wasn't just the cruise liners, visiting yachts as well were significantly down on previous years, in fact last year was the worst since 1987. "Investigations into plans for a cruise liner berth off Guernsey, estimated to cost between Â£60m and Â£80m, are due to form part of the harbour master plan, which is due to be released this year. Currently passengers are ferried between the cruise liners and Guernsey on tenders carried by the ships. Capt Gill said: "In terms of a destination port in the UK, Guernsey is the most visited, it is the most popular. . .  the cruise liner operators have made it quite clear to us they are very keen to come here.
They are sitting on the dusty steps of a hair salon, feet tapping to the rhythm of music. "Music is a pleasure for us," Mr Toure says. "We can now dance and do whatever we want: We can walk together with women, we can shout, we're the young people of Timbuktu, this is what we like doing. "Music was banned under the strict Islamic law that militant Islamists imposed when they took over the ancient desert city last year. All traditional folklore and ceremonies that make Malian culture vibrant were declared blasphemous. Other people soon join Mr Toure's little gathering, and a man offers to make some tea. The militants banned men and women from mixing in public. Now, Karia Cisse, who is passing by with a basket full of smoked fish on her head, grabs a cup. "We can chit-chat with our brothers, our friends, and even our boyfriends," she says. "It's a real pleasure, we're so happy.  I want to thank God. "Residents of Timbuktu can again enjoy the simple things they were used to, before the city fell under Islamist control 10 months ago. They can also dress the way they want to.  Women have swapped the full black niqab, or full-face veil, for colourful local pagnes, a piece cloth wrapped around the body to form a skirt. Most of them wear a thin scarf over their head, just as they had in the past. There is an incredible feeling that the people are slowly coming back to life here. However, many have also been quick to vent the frustration and anger built up over months, which, they say, felt like a lifetime. In pictures: Why Malians now love FranceScenes of looting on Tuesday revealed the deep inter-communal grievances and raised concerns about possible reprisal attacks. Dozens of people were out in the streets breaking into shops owned by ethnic Arabs and Tuaregs, whom they accuse of having collaborated with the militant Islamists. Weapons and boxes of ammunition were pulled out of at least one shop. However, most Arabs and Tuaregs have already left Timbuktu in fear of violence. But it is also time to uncover the wounds inflicted by the militants. In the city centre, a local bank had been turned into the headquarters of the Islamic police. The symbol of the jihadis - marked with a Koran, an AK-47 rifle and a cutlass that militants had cemented into the wall - has been taken down. A tiny cash machine attached to the building around the corner was used as a cell. Why do we know Timbuktu?In pictures: Timbuktu manuscripts"They threw me in and whipped me," says Salaka Djikke, 25. Ms Djikke was arrested at around 23:00 on New Year's Eve as she went for a romantic ride on her boyfriend's motorcycle. When they arrived in front of his house, her boyfriend saw four jihadis coming at them.  She did not see them and got off the bike. "He drove off and got away, but they rushed at me and whipped me. "Ms Djikke was sentenced to 95 lashes.  It was carried out in a public place, all for being caught with a man she was not married to. Her boyfriend managed to escape and reached the capital, Bamako.  He could have been stoned to death had he been arrested. Despite the scars she bears, Ms Djikke says that she does not regret taking the risk. "If they didn't hurt you, they'd hurt your sister or your brother.  They terrorised the population," she says. "Even living under Sharia, it shouldn't be a crime to fall in love with another person," she says.
The 22-year-old agreed a four-and-a-half-year deal with the Italian club and completed a medical on Wednesday. Media playback is not supported on this device"I will always have a very special place in my heart for City, it's a great club with a great future," he told the Manchester club's website. "I thank them for all of their support of me.  Maybe one day we will see each other again. "City signed Balotelli from Inter Milan for £24m in 2010 and he scored 30 goals in 80 appearances for the club. He helped City to the Premier League title last season, but has managed only three goals in 20 matches this time round. "I think to win the Premier League was a very special moment, and I am proud to have been a part of that," he added. The forward also revealed he bid farewell to his team-mates at the pre-match dinner before the 0-0 draw at QPR.I love Roberto, he has been very important for my career, and I will always thank him for having trust and faith in me"Yes, I said goodbye to everyone at the meal in London before the game at Queens Park Rangers.  It was very emotional for me," Balotelli continued. "I spoke with [manager] Roberto [Mancini] before I went to speak to the players.  We spoke for some time about lots of things.  He was sad, and I was too.  But it was a good conversation.  I love Roberto, he has been very important for my career, and I will always thank him for having trust and faith in me. "Being at City was an important part of my life and career.  I needed to grow up like a player and as a person and it has been a very good experience for me. "Balotelli flew to Milan by private jet on Wednesday afternoon with the Italian club's vice-president Adriano Galliani. Galliani said: "With his arrival, we have reinforced our team a lot.  He's a dream come true, wanted by [AC Milan president Silvio] Berlusconi and the club. "Mario has been in our hearts for many years and finally we've managed to get him. "Milan reached an agreement with City on Tuesday and Balotelli will sign a four-and-a-half-year contract, subject to passing his medical.
The win would normally be an indicator of Oscar success as the Directors Guild recipient nearly always goes on to claim the same prize at Hollywood's biggest night. But Affleck missed out on an Oscar directing nomination. "I don't think that this makes me a real director, but I think it means I'm on my way," said Affleck of the win. In Argo, set amidst the 1979 Iranian hostage crisis, Affleck also plays the lead role of a CIA agent entrusted with extracting six Americans from the country after the US embassy was stormed. While Affleck was overlooked by the Academy for his directing role, the film has dominated other awards since the Oscar nominations, winning best director and best film at the Golden Globes and at the Critics Choice Awards. Last weekend, Argo was victorious at both the Producers Guild and the Screen Actors Guild awards, leaving Steven Spielberg's Civil War-era epic Lincoln in its wake. Many of the film professionals who vote in guild awards also cast ballots for the Oscars, so recognition from the DGA further seals Argo's status as best-picture front-runner at the Oscars on 24 February. Only six times in the DGA's history has the winner failed to take the Oscar for best director. This will be the seventh, as Affleck missed out on an Academy nomination, along with several other key favourites, including fellow Directors Guild contenders Kathryn Bigelow for Zero Dark Thirty and Tom Hooper for Les Miserables. Backstage at the DGA ceremony on Saturday, Affleck said he had nothing but respect for the Academy, adding that "you're not entitled to anything. ""I'm thrilled and honoured that the Academy nominated me as a producer of the movie," he said. "I know our movie, we're a little bit underdog and a little bit the little engine that could, and you take me out of it maybe helps . . .  it's just about that picture.  I feel like it's OK, I'm really lucky, I'm in a good place. "Among the other DGA winners were Searching for Sugar Man director Malik Bendjelloul, who won the guild's documentary award for his study of the obscure singer-songwriter Sixto Rodriquez. The film also is nominated for best documentary at the Oscars. Lena Dunham won the TV comedy directing prize for Girls, about the lives of a group of girls in their 20s, while Rian Johnson won in the drama series series category for Breaking Bad. Milos Forman, who directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus, was honoured with a lifetime-achievement award. The 65th Annual DGA Awards, hosted by Kelsey Grammer, were held at the Ray Dolby Ballroom at Hollywood & Highland in Los Angeles.
Denise Fergus said she had been "let down so many times by the system" but that she would continue to "fight". Jon Venables and Robert Thompson were convicted of killing two-year-old James in Bootle, Merseyside in 1993. Mrs Fergus said she believed Venables was capable of harming other people if he was released from prison.  He was recalled to prison in 2010. He had been released from prison in 2001, having served seven years of a life sentence, but was recalled when he pleaded guilty to downloading and distributing indecent images of children. Mrs Fergus, speaking to the BBC to mark the 20th anniversary of the killing, said: "Do not release him.  I still don't think he's capable of walking amongst other people. "He will do someone else harm.  It's in him, and I strongly believe if he's released he will go on to hurt someone else. "Thompson, who was also released in 2001 after eight years in detention, was given a new secret identity and address. Venables was aged 10 when he and Thompson abducted and murdered James, beating him with bricks and iron bars and leaving his body on a railway line. James' mother described it as "a stupid, silly little mistake" of hers to let go of her child's hand for a few seconds on 12 February 1993 at the New Strand Shopping Centre in Bootle. She said it "still feels so raw to this day". "I still can't understand how it happened, or why it happened. "Mrs Fergus set up a charity, named after her son, to support young people who have become the victims of crime, hatred or bullying. Asked if, after 20 years, she should move on, Mrs Fergus said: "Why should I let it go? They took the most precious thing away from me.  I won't let it go.  And I've always said if there's a fight there to be fought, then I'll fight it for James. "If I let go of that now I will feel I've let James down.   That is something I'll never do, I'll never let James down.  I want justice for James.  He's never had justice. "She has campaigned to have both men kept in prison, and said: "I did warn [the authorities] that one of them or both of them would go on to reoffend, and I was proven right with Venables. "She said her family - her husband and three sons - mention James often.  "I think the day I stop talking about him is the day I give up on life, but I'll never stop talking about him, never stop remembering him.
Emergency services were called to the scene at Main Road, where the A78 Largs to Seamill road was closed to traffic. The woman's 60-year-old husband and the lorry driver, 54, were rescued and taken to hospital with minor injuries. The building is split into five homes and the couple had been watching television in their bottom-floor flat. One other man who was in the building at the time was evacuated unhurt. Another resident Callum Calvey had been out at work when the lorry struck the building at about 13:45. "My bathroom has been wiped out," said the 21-year-old tree surgeon, who lives directly upstairs from the the couple. "There are five flats and none of the other residents are about, but I believe the couple's dog got out as well. "Photographer Arlene Foster, who works for Anna Conway Photography, was quickly at the scene from her local shop. "The lorry is literally in someone's front room," she told BBC Scotland. "The lorry seems to have been going towards Ardrossan but hit the building on the opposite side of the road. "Fortunately, it was quite quiet at the time - school kids could have been affected as well if it happened later. "Police are urging drivers to stay away from the area, with southbound traffic being diverted at Largs onto the A760 at Hayley Brae and northbound traffic being diverted at the Hunterston Roundabout. The local community had been pressing for a widening of the main road to Hunterston power station and Clyde Port. Steve Graham, chairman of Fairlie Community Council, said: "This was an accident waiting to happen. "There have been a number of near misses, but nothing on this scale.  It is a very narrow road with premises adjacent to the road. "We in the community council have been complaining about the weight of traffic coming through the A78, which it's not built for.  It would not meet current standards for a trunk road. "A Strathclyde Police spokesman added: "The ground floor of the building has been seriously damaged and has been deemed structurally unsound.
The 24-year-old arrived at Rodney Parade from Llanelli in September on a one-season contract because of a back row injury crisis. He will make his 18th appearance against Leinster on Friday, has been rewarded with a new Dragons deal. "I was given an opportunity to prove myself as a professional and hopefully I have done that," said Cudd. The former Scarlets academy product has impressed this season and been one of the success stories of the season for the Dragons. "We haven't had the best of results this season but I think it is going well for me on a personal front," said Cudd. "I have had plenty of games and feel that I am improving as a player. "Over the past few months I have improved in terms of physicality and carrying the ball.
The star of Ang Lee's award-winning Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon said she was happy to receive the award in the place where her career started. "I hope it's not their way of telling me that I need to retire," Yeoh joked. The Chinese melodrama Mystery was named best film at Monday's event, which also saw two stars from the Philippines take home the main acting prizes. Nora Aunor, 59, was named best actress for Thy Womb, while 87-year-old Eddie Garcia was named best actor for Bwakaw. Garcia, who said he was "elated and honoured" to be recognised, also received the People's Choice award for favourite actor. Japan's Takeshi Kitano was named best director in absentia for his latest crime thriller, Outrage Beyond. Speaking to reporters ahead of the ceremony, Yeoh revealed she had long heard rumours of a Crouching Tiger sequel but had yet to see a script. 'Very privileged'Recent reports have attached martial arts star Donnie Yen to the project, and Yeoh said she would welcome the opportunity to work with him if a sequel was made. Yeoh appeared in the 1997 James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies and was recently seen playing the Burmese politician Aung San Suu Kyi in film biopic The Lady. The actress said she studied the pro-democracy leader and Nobel Peace Prize winner for four years in preparation for the part. "I've worked with truly the best of directors, not just in Asia but around the world,'' said the 49-year-old actress. "I do believe that the harder you work, the luckier you get and I've been very, very privileged. "Yeoh was welcomed on stage by a quartet of Asian cinema notables, who played "paper, scissors, stone" for the honour of presenting her with her prize. After two rounds of the traditional elimination game, martial arts star Sammo Hung ended up beating Hong Kong director Mabel Cheung and the action choreographers Yuen Woo-ping and Corey Yuen.
Results for England and WalesThis page shows which councils are holding elections and the party representation on each one. Several councils are undergoing significant boundary changes in 2013, which will see their number of seats reduced. Click on the council names to go to candidate listings on council websites. Information may be subject to revision and change until election day.  There may be other council by-elections taking place on 2 May.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Anglesey Ind 23, PC 8, Lab 6, Llais 2, Lib Dem 1, Con 1 all seats up.  Boundary changes: -10 seatsBristol Lib Dem 14, Con 6, Lab 3 one third of seats upCornwall Con 46, Lib Dem 36, Ind 34, MK 6, Lab 1 all seats up.  Boundary changesDurham Lab 68, Ind 28, Lib Dem 21, Con 9 all seats up.  Boundary changesIsle of Wight Con 24, Ind 11, Lib Dem 4, Lab 1 all seats upNorthumberland Lib Dem 25, Con 18, Lab 17, Ind 7 all seats up.  Boundary changesShropshire Con 51, Lib Dem 14, Lab 7, Ind 2 all seats upWiltshire Con 61, Lib Dem 22, Ind 13, Lab 2 all seats upBuckinghamshire Con 44, Lib Dem 11, Lab 1, Ind 1 all seats up.  Boundary changes: -8 seatsCambridgeshire Con 39, Lib Dem 21, Lab 3, Ind 3, Ukip 2, Green 1 all seats upCumbria Con 39, Lab 25, Lib Dem 14, Ind 6 all seats upDerbyshire Con 31, Lab 23, Lib Dem 7, Ind 2, Ukip 1 all seats upDevon Con 41, Lib Dem 13, Lab 6, Ind 2 all seats upDorset Con 29, Lib Dem 14, Lab 1, Ind 1 all seats upEast Sussex Con 29, Lib Dem 13, Lab 4, Ind 3 all seats upEssex Con 60, Lib Dem 11, Lab 2, Ind 1, RA 1 all seats upGloucestershire Con 40, Lib Dem 14, Lab 5, Ind 3, Green 1 all seats up.  Boundary changes: -10 seatsHampshire Con 51, Lib Dem 24, Lab 1, Green 1, Ind 1 all seats upHertfordshire Con 54, Lib Dem 17, Lab 3, ED 1, Green 1, Ind 1 all seats upKent Con 72, Lib Dem 7, Lab 3, UKIP 1, RA 1 all seats upLancashire Con 51, Lab 17, Lib Dem 9, Ind 3, Green 2, BNP 1, Idle Toad 1 all seats upLeicestershire  Con 33, Lib Dem 14, Lab 4, Ind 2, Ukip 2 all seats upLincolnshire Con 62, Ind 6, Lab 5, Lib Dem 4 all seats upNorfolk Con 60, Lib Dem 9, Green 6, Lab 5, Ind 3, Ukip 1 all seats upNorth Yorkshire Con 46, Ind 14, Lib Dem 9, Lib 2, Lab 1 all seats upNorthamptonshire Con 54, Lib Dem 10, Lab 6, Ind 2, Ukip 1 all seats up.  Boundary changes: -16 seatsNottinghamshire Con 35, Lab 16, Lib Dem 9, Ind 6, Ukip 1 all seats upOxfordshire Con 52, Lib Dem 10, Lab 9, Green 2, Ind 1 all seats up.  Boundary changes: -11 seatsSomerset Con 33, Lib Dem 22, Lab 2 all seats up.  Boundary changes: -3 seatsStaffordshire Con 50, Lib Dem 4, Ukip 3, Lab 3, Ind 2 all seats upSuffolk Con 55, Lib Dem 11, Lab 4, Green 2, Ind 2, Ukip 1 all seats upSurreyCon 55, Lib Dem 13, RA 10, Ukip 1, Lab 1 all seats up.  Boundary changes: +1 seatWarwickshire  Con 38, Lab 12, Lib Dem 11, Ind 1 all seats upWest Sussex Con 48, Lib Dem 18, Lab 3, Ind 1, Ukip 1 all seats upWorcestershire Con 41, Lib Dem 7, Lab 4, ICHC 2, Lib 1, Green 1, RA 1 all seats up.  .  .
The Taiwanese firm, also known as Foxconn Technology, posted a net profit of NT$37bn ($1. 2bn; Â£814m) in the October to December quarter. It also reported a 16% jump in full year profit for 2012 to NT$94. 8bn. Foxconn is the world's biggest contract electronics maker and Apple is one of its biggest clients. According to some estimates, orders from Apple account for almost half of Foxconn's total revenue. In the October to December quarter, Apple had sold 47. 8 million iPhones, up from 37 million a year earlier. Meanwhile, the launch of iPad mini, also boosted sales of its tablet PCs - it sold 22. 9 million iPads, compared with 15. 4 million in the same period in 2011. However, the heavy reliance on Apple has also raised concerns that Foxconn's growth may slow in the coming months. Some analysts said the rapid rate of growth that smartphones and tablet PCs had seen in recent years could not be sustained. "In most of the developed economies, smartphones are at a mature penetration stage and tablets are pretty close to being at that stage," said Andrew Milroy of consultancy firm Frost & Sullivan. Mr Milroy added that Apple had so far not been able to replicate the success it enjoyed in the developed economies in emerging markets. He explained that in the emerging economies, Apple products were still very expensive and out of reach for many consumers. At the same time, Apple is facing increased competition from other smartphone makers in those markets. "They are being hammered by low-cost smartphones in countries such as China," he said. The fear is that if Apple's growth rate slows, it will have a knock on effect on suppliers such as Foxconn.
The Â£230m development consists of 11 wind turbines. Mr Trump claims they would spoil the sea views for golfers on his course at Menie. He responded: "We will put our future plans in Aberdeen on hold, as will many others, until this ridiculous proposal is defeated. "Mr Trump said: "We will be bringing a lawsuit within the allocated period of time to stop what will definitely be the destruction of Aberdeen and Scotland itself. "This was a purely political decision. "We will spend whatever monies are necessary to see to it that these huge and unsightly industrial wind turbines are never constructed. "He had previously threatened not to build a hotel at the resort if it went ahead. Ministers said they were committed to a "successful and sustainable" offshore wind sector. The European Offshore Wind Deployment Centre (EOWDC) project is a joint venture by utility company Vattenfall, engineering firm Technip and Aberdeen Renewable Energy Group (Areg). The project is aimed at providing enough energy for more than 49,000 homes. The Scottish government said the centre would allow offshore wind developers and supply chain companies to test "cutting edge" wind technology before its commercial deployment. Energy Minister Fergus Ewing said: "Offshore renewables represent a huge opportunity for Scotland; an opportunity to build up new industries and to deliver on our ambitious renewable energy and carbon reduction targets. "The proposed European Offshore Wind Deployment Centre will give the industry the ability to test and demonstrate new technologies in order to accelerate its growth. "It secures Aberdeen's place as the energy capital of Europe. "He added: "The EOWDC is the first offshore wind farm to pass through the new approvals process for offshore wind development and as such is a test case for the industry.  The diligence and expertise of officials in Marine Scotland, among the statutory consultees and other interests should give confidence to the offshore wind industry and its supply chain that planning matters should not be a barrier to investment in Scotland. "EOWDC project spokesman Iain Todd said: "The Scottish government's most welcome approval for the EOWDC is extremely positive news for both Scotland and the UK's offshore wind industry as it helps position Scotland, the UK and Europe at the global vanguard of the sector. "The project partners will assess the consent and associated conditions as part of the planning and programming for the next phase of the scheme. "Alex Salmond, the MSP for Aberdeenshire East, said: "I welcome this decision. "The north east of Scotland is a world energy capital and in order to continue to prosper we have to be at the forefront of all forms of energy research - marine renewables, as well as oil and gas. "Dr Sam Gardner, senior climate change policy officer at WWF Scotland, said: "Giving the go-ahead to this offshore wind test centre is the right decision, demonstrating that no amount of bluster from US billionaires such as Donald Trump will hold Scotland back from becoming a cleaner, greener, job-creating nation. "Robert Collier, chief executive of Aberdeen and Grampian Chamber of Commerce, said: "The north east is already established as a global hub for the oil and gas industry. "The development of the EOWDC will enable the region to extend its reach with regard to offshore wind, further enhancing our renewable energy expertise and drawing upon our strong engineering and technology skills base. "This is an important development for the region.
The prime minister will meet Spanish counterpart Mariano Rajoy in Madrid before heading to Paris. He believes the EU needs to change to allow Britain, or other member states, not to be bound by all its decisions. Ahead of the talks, he told European newspapers support for EU membership was now "wafer-thin" in the UK.Mr Cameron has argued a new settlement is needed before UK voters are asked if they want to end ties with Brussels. In his keynote speech on Britain's future in Europe earlier this year, he pledged to hold an in-out referendum during the early part of the next parliament - by the end of 2017 at the latest - if the Conservatives win the next general election. Mr Cameron will make his first official visit to Madrid for bilateral talks with Mr Rajoy on Monday morning, before travelling to Paris for a working dinner with French President Francois Hollande.  He will meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel later this week. The UK prime minister is facing resistance from France and Germany over his plans to create fresh EU agreements. The BBC's Tom Burridge, in Madrid, said this would be an important week of diplomacy for Mr Cameron. "If Mr Cameron is to achieve his goal of a more flexible European Union, in which some countries, and in particular non-eurozone members like Britain, can opt out of certain European laws and directives, he'll have to win over these key European players," he said. "However the priority right now, for Germany, France and Spain is how to fix the economic crisis within the eurozone.  And for that to happen, all three countries are committed to the idea of more Europe, not less. "Ahead of his European visit, Mr Cameron told reporters three treaties had been put forward since he had become prime minister in 2010. "So I'm sure there will be treaty change," he added.  "I'm absolutely convinced that there will be the need to reopen at some stage these treaties, not least to solve the problem of the eurozone. "The eurozone in my view needs to have further treaty change, and just as eurozone countries will argue that it's necessary to have treaty change, I think it's perfectly legitimate to argue that non-eurozone countries might need to have treaty changes that suit them. "In joint interviews with five European newspapers, Mr Cameron said the EU had "sometimes overreached itself with directives and interventions and interference". He said the best outcome for Britain would be "membership of a reformed European Union", while arguing the case for a "more flexible Europe". "Britain is not in the single currency; neither are many other countries.  You know, some countries want to go ahead with the financial transaction tax.  We don't," he said. "I think we can have a flexible Europe where we don't all have to do the same things in the same way at the same time. "In his interview Mr Cameron stressed it was important to respond to falling support for the EU in Britain. He said: "The two themes of my speech are first that Europe needs reform.  But the second is that we need to recognise that consent for Britain's membership of the EU and all the ways that it's changed has become wafer-thin in Britain. "Politicians, if they do their job properly have to recognise this fact rather than try and brush it under the carpet.
Cheap miniature versions of the unmanned aircraft used by the military could fall into the wrong hands, he told the UK's Guardian newspaper. Quarrelling neighbours, he suggested, might end up buzzing each other with private surveillance drones. He also warned of the risk of terrorists using the new technology. Mr Schmidt is believed to have close relations with US President Barack Obama, whom he advises on matters of science and technology. "You're having a dispute with your neighbour," he told The Guardian in an interview printed on Saturday. "How would you feel if your neighbour went over and bought a commercial observation drone that they can launch from their backyard.  It just flies over your house all day.  How would you feel about it?"Warning of mini-drones' potential as a terrorist weapon, he said: "I'm not going to pass judgment on whether armies should exist, but I would prefer to not spread and democratise the ability to fight war to every single human being. ""It's got to be regulated. . .  It's one thing for governments, who have some legitimacy in what they're doing, but have other people doing it. . .  it's not going to happen. "Small drones, such as flying cameras, are already available worldwide, and non-military surveillance were recently introduced to track poachers in the remote Indian state of Assam. The US and Israel have led the way in recent years in using drones as weapons of war as well as for surveillance. America's Federal Aviation Administration is currently exploring how commercial drones, or unmanned aircraft systems, can be safely introduced into US airspace.
The city's Labour council unveiled the proposal as part of the city's new development plan. The report said the new homes are needed to cope with a predicted increase in the city's population of 40,000 people by 2030. A Lib Dem councillor described the figures as "unrealistic". The document identifies 62 sites across the city that could be used for housing, including Holme Hill which could see 5,580 properties built and Clifton Gate which the report said has potential for 4,020 new homes. Some of the proposed new homes would be built on greenbelt land. Councillor James Alexander, Labour leader of City of York Council, said the biggest challenge facing the city was the need for affordable housing. He said: "We've taken the tough decision to allocate 1. 8% of draft greenbelt land for development in order to meet the needs of our rapidly growing city and deliver key developments such as York Central, and to deliver jobs, homes and protect York's unique built environment for future generations. "Councillor Ann Reid, Liberal Democrat spokesperson for planning and sustainability, claimed that the city's population had only grown at 1% per year over the last decade, a figure which only required 400 new homes each year. She said the target of 1,090 new homes a year had been "plucked from nowhere". Ms Reid said: "What we do know is that growth on this scale would radically alter the character of York and put a strain on existing infrastructure. "The plan is to be out to public consultation.
The game starts at 14:30 BST, followed by hosts Wales against Italy at 16:30, with the Wembley semi-finals on 23 November at 13:00 and 15:30. The final at Old Trafford on 30 November kicks off at 14:30 and will be shown live on BBC One. There will be live TV and radio coverage of all England's group games, plus a quarter-final and a semi-final. New Zealand are the World Cup holders, having shocked Australia in the 2008 decider to win the tournament for the first time. In addition to live coverage, there will also be regular TV highlights programmes throughout the tournament and extensive coverage on BBC Radio, the BBC Sport website and the BBC Sport app. All of the games at the group stage which take place on a weekday will be evening kick-offs.
The couple, who have been dating since 2011, wed in front of about 10 people in Mazan, Provence - close to where the bride's family has a holiday home. Mayor Aime Navello told the Associated Press he married them at the town hall. The short service was followed by a reception for family and friends, reported to have included Righton's bandmates and actress Sienna Miller. Knightley, 28, announced her engagement to Righton, 29, last year. "Keira was a charming bride, very modest and simple in her attitude, as was James," Mr Navello told the Daily Mail. "I got the impression that it was a very moving experience for both of them. "The actress, who was Oscar-nominated for her performance in 2005's Pride and Prejudice, is the daughter of playwright Sharman Macdonald and actor Will Knightley. She rose to fame in the British hit Bend it like Beckham, becoming an international star in films including Love Actually and the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. 'More interesting'Knightley also won critical acclaim for her performances in films such as Atonement, A Dangerous Method and, most recently, Anna Karenina. Later this year, she will be seen in Jack Ryan - a prequel to previous Tom Clancy adaptations - playing Cathy Ryan opposite Chris Pine. Singer and keyboard player Righton has performed with indie rock band the Klaxons since 2005.  The group won a Mercury Music Prize in 2007 for their debut album Myths Of The Near Future. In an interview last month, Knightley said she did not want an extravagant wedding day. "We're not 'big wedding' types.  I don't need to have all that.  I'm just trying to enjoy the engagement bit. "My parents are together after 40 years.  The fights are there but they love each other. "It's not like the first three months, the first two years. . .  whatever it is, but I think it gets more interesting, or I hope so.
The Chinese authorities are said to be angry at the prime minister's decision to meet the Dalai Lama, Tibet's spiritual leader, last year. Mr Cameron told MPs that UK policy had not changed and it did not support calls for independence for Tibet. He said he was seeking a "strong and positive" relationship with China. The prime minister met the exiled Buddhist leader -  who has called for a measure of independence for Tibet - when he visited the UK a year ago to accept an award. At the time, No 10 defended the PM's right to meet whomever he wants and said the meeting had been arranged to engage in "dialogue and discussion and gather a wide range of viewpoints on issues of importance". China halted ministerial meetings with UK counterparts as a result and it was reported recently that Mr Cameron had effectively been barred from visiting the country - claims No 10 has denied. Asked in the House of Commons about the status of Sino-British relations, Mr Cameron said the two governments planned to work "very closely together" in the future. "Let us be absolutely clear: this government has not changed the long-standing British policy towards China and China and Tibet," he added. "We do want to have a strong and positive relationship with China, which I believe is in our mutual benefit. "The Chinese government is aware of our policy on Tibet.  We recognise Tibet as part of China.  We do not support Tibetan independence and we respect China's sovereignty. "No 10 has said Mr Cameron hopes to visit China later this year but has not given any specific details. The Chinese authorities oppose contacts between the Dalai Lama and foreign governments but he has met a host of world leaders, including President Obama, in recent years.
In his long-shot appeal, Simpson argues his defence lawyer was ineffective. The 65-year-old was convicted of the robbery of what he said were stolen articles of personal memorabilia. Separately, Simpson was acquitted in 1995 of the murder of his former wife and her friend in Los Angeles. The former National Football League running back is expected to testify during the five-day hearing, which began on Monday. Simpson, who was shackled in court, is more than four years into a minimum nine-year to 33-year prison sentence. In 2007, the former football player was accompanied by five other men as he tried to reclaim family pictures and footballs peddled by sport memorabilia dealers in a Las Vegas hotel room. During the incident, two of Simpson's alleged co-conspirators carried guns. Simpson says former defence lawyer, Yale Galanter, was ineffective at the subsequent trial because he had an personal interest in keeping private his own advice to Simpson. Mr Galanter, according to Simpson, had repeatedly assured him that he could take back items related to his sporting career - items Simpson believed had been stolen - as long as no-one trespassed and no force was used. The defence lawyer continued to conceal that he had been a witness to the crime, including during an appeal to a state court in 2010, Simpson says. In a sworn statement outlining his planned testimony, Simpson says Mr Galanter "vigorously discouraged" him from testifying and never told him that prosecutors were willing to let him plead guilty to charges that would have brought a two-year minimum prison term. "He consistently told me the state could not prove its case because I acted within my rights in retaking my own property," Simpson said. Dr Norman Roitman, a Las Vegas psychiatrist, testified on Monday that Simpson's perception of what took place at the hotel room might have been muddled by football brain injuries as well as the effects of several vodka and cranberry juice cocktails. "In those situations, people may focus on objects in front of them and be oblivious to other things," Mr Roitman said. Appeals for a new trial because of ineffective counsel are seldom granted, but Simpson's history as a murder defendant in a widely-televised 1995 trial could affect the outcome, analysts say.
Humberto Benitez Trevino's daughter caused outrage by using his influence to try to close down the bistro after it did not give her a table she wanted. The episode sparked a discussion about abuse of power in the country. The sacking suggests that Mexico has grown more sensitive to the issue, correspondents say. The episode became a trending topic on Twitter under the hashtag #ladyprofeco, after her father's agency. Mt Benitez, the attorney-general for consumer protection, and his daughter both apologised, but this did little to appease public anger. On Wednesday, President Pena Nieto ordered his dismissal. The restaurant, Maximo Bistro in Mexico City, was raided by officials after Andrea Benitez was not offered the table she had asked for. The government said that although Mr Benitez was not personally involved in the raid, the episode had become embarrassing for the institution.
The 22-year-old striker was one of three AC Milan players targeted during their match against Roma on Sunday, which was halted for two minutes. "If it happens one more time, I'm going to leave the pitch, because it's so stupid," the Italy international said. "I was about to leave, but they will think I wanted to leave because we had difficulty with the game. "AC Milan were down to 10 men at the time when the Serie A fixture at their San Siro stadium was temporarily stopped.  The game only restarted after the visiting Roma supporters were ordered to cease their behaviour. Roma, who were fined 50,000 euros (£42,400) by the Italian Football League for the incident, released a statement on Monday condemning the actions of their supporters and promised to "face this issue head-on". The punishment was criticised by Fifa president Sepp Blatter, who told the world governing body's website: "They have not made any investigation of what happened.  Just to give a pecuniary sanction is not valid, not acceptable. "Balotelli, who has scored 11 goals in 12 games since his January switch from Manchester City, said the incident had altered his thinking about the best way to tackle the problem. He told CNN: "I always said if it happens in the stadium, I would just behave as if nobody had done anything and that I don't care, but now I think I've changed my mind a bit. "There have been a number of incidents this season involving racial abuse of AC Milan's players. A January friendly between Milan and Pro Patria was suspended because of racist chants aimed at Kevin-Prince Boateng. The following month, Inter Milan were fined 50,000 euros after their fans were found to have abused their former player Balotelli in the Milan derby. And in April, champions Juventus were fined 30,000 euros (£25,000) after their supporters racially abused the AC Milan players.
The 11 imams, sheiks and religious teachers from nine countries met a Holocaust survivor and Poles whose families risked execution to save Jews from the Nazis, in the Polish capital's Nozyk Synagogue as part of the tour. They have been around museums, including the recently opened Museum of the History of Polish Jews on the site of the former Jewish Ghetto in Warsaw.  And they also visited the Auschwitz and Dachau concentration camps. "The main aim is to get Muslims who are leaders all over the world, particularly in the Middle East, to acknowledge the reality of what happened here and to be able to teach it to the people that they lead," said trip organiser Rabbi Jack Bemporad, who is executive director of the US-based Center for Interreligious Understanding. He was standing underneath the red brick watchtower over the main entrance to Birkenau, the largest of more than 40 camps that made up the Auschwitz complex.  This was where the Nazis installed four gas chambers and crematoria to speed up the murder and disposal of people, who were mostly Jews, from across Europe. Auschwitz-Birkenau, set up by the Germans in Nazi-occupied Poland, is largely intact and is now a museum.  Historians estimate 1. 1 million people were killed there - one million of them were Jews but there were also Poles, Roma, Soviet prisoners of war and others. "I think that when someone wants to deny the Holocaust or think that it is exaggerated, which many of them do and certainly many of their followers do, when they come here and see it, their experience is such that they can no longer think that," Rabbi Bemporad said. Beside the ruins of one of the gas chambers - the Germans blew them up as they retreated, in an effort to hide their crimes - the Muslim leaders paused for a moment's silence. "You may read every book about the Holocaust but it's nothing like when you see this place where people were burned," said Mohamed Magid, president of the Islamic Society of North America. "This is the building, the bricks.  If they were to speak to you and I, they would tell you how many cries and screams they have heard. "Mr Magid, who is originally from Sudan, first visited Auschwitz-Birkenau during a trip organised for American imams in 2010.  He said the experience had led him to hold an annual Seder, a Jewish ceremonial meal, at his mosque in Virginia where he invites people to listen to the story of a Holocaust survivor who was saved by a Muslim family. "We go back more committed to human rights and more understanding of conflicts and how to resolve them, but also to be careful of a curriculum that teaches racism and hatred," he said. Earlier, the group had taken photos as they walked around an exhibition in the red brick barrack blocks at Auschwitz, about 2 miles (3kms) from Birkenau. They made comments such as "Can you imagine?" and "It's beyond comprehension" as they saw a great pile of hair shorn from women prisoners that was used to make rudimentary textiles.  They shook their heads as they saw faded children's shoes and dolls in glass cases. After they had seen just two of the 14 exhibition blocks, some of the group asked for a break and they knelt in prayer beside the camp's execution wall. Barakat Hasan, a Palestinian imam and director of the Center for Studies and Islamic Media in Jerusalem, said he "didn't know many details about the Holocaust" before the trip. "I felt my heart bleeding when I was looking at all this.  I was fighting back tears," he said through an interpreter.  "As a Palestinian living under occupation, I feel sympathy for the pain and injustice that was inflicted on the Jews," he added. Mr Hasan said he did not believe there were people in the Muslim world who denied the Holocaust happened, but he said there was discussion in his community about whether the commonly quoted figure of six million Jewish victims was correct. "Maybe now after seeing what I've seen, maybe the numbers are correct also," he said, adding that he would write articles and mention his trip on Facebook. As he walked along the railway line and unloading ramp at Birkenau - where the trains hauling cattle cars crammed with Jews arrived - Ahmet Muharrem Atlig, a Turkish imam and secretary general of the Journalists and Writers Foundation in Istanbul, said he wept when he saw a photograph that showed children looking scared as they got off a train. "Unfortunately the Muslim communities and congregation don't know much about the Holocaust," he said. "Yes, we've heard something.  But we have to come and see what happened here.  It's not just about Jews, or Christians, this is all about human beings because the human race suffered here.
The 21-year-old was also suspended for four months backdated to 23 May although three of those months have been suspended until 1 July 2016. Townsend had already voluntarily withdrawn from the England squad for the European Under-21 Championship. It is believed he was not accused of betting on games he had involvement in. However, the FA has strict betting rules that forbid gambling on a wide spectrum of fixtures laid out in its regulations. The length of the up-front ban, coupled with the fact that he withdrew from the England Under-21 squad, mean he will not miss a game. The midfielder, who was on loan at QPR for the second half of the season,  is a product of Tottenham's academy and signed as a trainee in 2008. He has had loan spells at Yeovil, Leyton Orient, MK Dons, Ipswich, Watford, Millwall, Leeds, Birmingham and, most recently, with former Spurs manager Harry Redknapp at QPR.Townsend made his Premier League debut for Spurs in September 2012 before joining Rangers in January, where he made 12 Premier League appearances, scoring twice.
Officials say journalists who filmed Bowatte Indarathana's self-immolation could have tried to have him rescued. The Media Ministry Secretary, Charitha Herath, said the monk had told at least one TV journalist of his plan. Meanwhile, hardline Buddhist nationalists are hailing the dead monk as a hero for his act. Mr Herath said any reporter who knew in advance of the monk's plans should have contacted the police. "My issue is that if you have already [been] informed by somebody that he is going to commit suicide, you are supposed to at least inform others to get rid of that disaster," he said. Venerable Indarathana was protesting against the slaughter of cattle and the alleged conversion of Buddhists by Sri Lanka's minority faiths. He set himself on fire outside the holiest Buddhist shrine in the country - the Temple of the Tooth in the central city of Kandy.  He died in intensive care in the capital Colombo the following day. The monk - believed to be aged 30 - belonged to a Buddhist revivalist group which has been campaigning against the Muslim halal method of slaughtering animals. The government condemned media outlets showing video of the incident. The BBC's correspondent in Sri Lanka, Charles Haviland, says some viewers have criticised the extensive coverage the suicide received from a hardline Buddhist TV channel, Swarnavahini. However, Sinhalese ultra-nationalist ministers in the government have praised the incident as an act of self-sacrifice for the good of the country, he adds. Dozens of monks from the same group, Voice of Sinhala, and their supporters, staged a demonstration in Colombo on Sunday after the authorities rejected their demand for the monk to be given a state funeral. Self-immolation by Buddhist monks in Sri Lanka is exceptionally rare, although many Tibetan monks have recently committed suicide in this way for political reasons.
Sir Anthony Hooper said this would have a major impact on people who needed lawyers with specialist expertise. The Bar Council, which represents barristers, said the plans threatened a "world-renowned" justice system. The government said the right to a fair trial would not be affected and lawyers would have to meet quality standards. A number of groups, including charities and legal organisations, staged a protest against the plans outside the Ministry of Justice in central London on Tuesday. Protesters waved placards reading "justice is not for sale" and "defend legal aid", chanting: "What do we want? Justice.  When do we want it? Now. "Some law firms have estimated that the reforms will reduce the number of people who qualify for legal aid by 75%. Ministers are planning to cut £220m from the annual criminal case legal aid budget in England and Wales. Legal aid costs taxpayers about £2bn every year and criminal defence makes up more than half of the expenditure - amounting to what the government says is one of the most expensive legal aid systems in the world. By Clive ColemanBBC News legal correspondentThe proposed £220m cuts to legal aid in criminal cases come hot on the heels of a £350m cut to legal aid in civil cases. Lawyers and others fear the proposals will fundamentally change the criminal justice system.   For the first time defendants will not be able to choose a legal aid lawyer, they will be assigned one. So, the argument goes, the state will prosecute a person and then tell that person which law firm will defend them. The advent of price competitive tendering for contracts to do legal aid work also strikes fear among lawyers that large corporate providers will enter the market for legal aid services, use their financial muscle to underbid in order to win contracts, and then staff their firms with low-level personnel in order to maximise profits. Scaremongering by lawyers keen to protect their legal aid fees? Or, an unpicking of a system of justice whose fairness is the envy of the world?The government is confident it has safeguards built in to protect fairness in the justice system.   How effective they are will be seen in time.   What is certain is that these proposed changes are hugely significant. It wants to see fewer but bigger organisations providing legal aid. The plans include:Sir Anthony, who retired as a Court of Appeal judge last year, said the plans risked harming a system of fair justice that was the envy of the world. He identified what he described as two fundamental defects resulting from PCT. One was the elimination of the long-held right of a defendant to choose a legal aid solicitor. Under the new system a defendant will be "allocated a firm of solicitors, a lawyer or a corporate provider like Eddie Stobart, or whoever it may be", Sir Anthony told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. He said people with a disability would not be able to choose a lawyer who understood their condition, and those involved in complex cases would not be able to seek out specialists. Legal aid plans: Miscarriage of justice fears"If I'm arrested in Norwich on a complex fraud case, for example, I would be able under the present system to find maybe a solicitors in London or Manchester, or wherever it may be, who specialise in difficult fraud cases," he said. "Not now.  Someone will turn up at the door and say 'I'm representing you.  And by the way, I'm employed by the following company'. "He also warned that where solicitors' firms currently competed on the basis of excellence, new corporate providers would be under pressure to give advice that was in their financial interests. The Bar Council's comments came in its 150-page response to a Ministry of Justice consultation on the issue, which ends later. Maura McGowan QC, chairwoman of the Bar Council, said: "There is no avoiding the simple fact that these proposals would move us from having a justice system which is admired all over the world, to a system where price trumps all. "The Bar Standards Board, which is responsible for regulating barristers, said the plans to pay legal aid lawyers the same amount for a "guilty" or "not guilty" plea could lead to defendants being pressurised into pleading guilty. It said cases where the defendant entered an initial guilty plea were typically shorter and so cheaper. Chairwoman Baroness Ruth Deech said: "These reforms may endanger the ability of our legal system to guarantee everyone a fair trial.  "The Association of Prison Lawyers said the plans would effectively remove legal aid for all prison law issues other than parole hearings and disciplinary hearings dealt with by magistrates. "The changes will mean that funding will no longer be available for such important matters as the separation of mothers and babies, prisoners being held in solitary confinement and access to rehabilitative programmes," it added. The Children's Society says it is particularly concerned by the proposed introduction of a residency test to determine eligibility. Chief executive Matthew Reed said: "These proposals will see the UK block access to legal aid for vulnerable children, undermining their rights and leaving some of the most marginalised young people without help. "Justice Secretary Chris Grayling said: "At a time of major financial challenges, the legal sector cannot be excluded from the government's commitment to getting better value for taxpayers' money. "We believe costs paid to lawyers through legal aid should reflect this. "The Ministry of Justice added that a disposable income cap of £37,500 per household would mean only those on a six-figure salary or above would be prevented from having automatic access to legal aid. Labour's shadow justice secretary Sadiq Khan said there was "considerable waste and bureaucracy" in the criminal justice system. "But the government's proposals ignore these potential savings, and instead impose a model for legal aid which prioritises the cost of legal representation ahead of quality. "In April, the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act removed legal aid from many areas of civil law.
Anderson, level with Darren Gough on 234 before the game, took the wicket of Mitchell Marsh to move past the former Yorkshire seamer's old record. The Lancashire seamer's record-breaking wicket came in the first ball of his seventh over at Edgbaston. He went on to take his new record to 237 with two more wickets. Six others have taken 100 ODIs wickets or more for England, but only Anderson and Gough have broken the 200 barrier. Sri Lanka spinner Muttiah Muralitharan holds the world record with 534 wickets from 350 matches, while Pakistan pace bowler Wasim Akram took 502 from 356. Anderson is 25th in the all-time world list but has only played 170 internationals. The 30-year-old became only the fourth England player to take 300 Test wickets when he dismissed New Zealand opener Peter Fulton during the first Test at Lord's in May. If he is to become England's most successful Test bowler of all time, he will have to overhaul Sir Ian Botham's 383, with Fred Trueman's 307 and Bob Willis's 325 his next targets. In February of this year, Anderson claimed his 529th scalp in all formats to pass Botham's 528 and become England's leading international wicket-taker. "He's right up there with the best that England have had and he's right up there with the best in the world," said former England captain Michael Vaughan last month.
For the second week in a row the outcome hinged on the final kick, with Lions full-back Leigh Halfpenny falling short with a penalty from halfway. The Welshman's five penalties had seen the Lions lead 15-9 until five minutes from time. But Wallabies centre Adam Ashley-Cooper crashed over for the only try, and Christian Leali'ifano held his nerve to land the conversion. It was another riveting conclusion to a tourniquet-tight contest, but the Lions' hopes of a first series win in 16 years now hang in the balance. Australia showed tremendous courage to pull the game out of the fire, and it is they rather than the Lions who will now head to Sydney with momentum. The Lions, who saw captain Sam Warburton hobble off with 13 minutes left, defended heroically at times, but must now regroup for a final throw of the dice in Sydney. Four first-half penalties from Halfpenny, to three from Leali'ifano, nudged the Lions into a 12-9 interval lead in front of a record Etihad Stadium crowd of 56,771. Brian O'Driscoll's tackle on Ashley-Cooper in midfield forced the Wallabies to concede the first of eight first-half penalties. Halfpenny's 48-metre kick missed by the narrowest of margins, coming back off the cross-bar, but thereafter the Welshman was in his usual immaculate form. Penalties in the ninth, 27th, 33rd and 40th minutes saw the Lions edge a cagey first half in which neither side was able to exercise authority for any extended period. The Lions appeared to have the edge at the breakdown, Australia conceding four penalties inside the opening eight minutes to earn an early warning from referee Craig Joubert. Halfpenny landed his first kick after the Lions drove a line-out and the Wallabies took down the maul. But after a composed start, errors starting to creep into the tourists' game, with the scrum a cause for concern. (provided by Opta Sports)Joubert awarded a free-kick against scrum-half Ben Youngs for not getting the ball in quickly enough, before loose-head Mako Vunipola was twice penalised for collapsing. Leali'ifano, knocked out in the first minute in Brisbane but fit to take over the kicking duties this week, landed both shots at goal to edge the hosts in front. A knock-on as he over-stretched for a pass completed a miserable 10 minutes for Vunipola, but he responded well.  First, opposite number Ben Alexander was penalised for incorrect binding, then the Lions drove the Wallabies backwards at the next scrum to earn another. Halfpenny landed two confident blows with the boot to nudge the Lions back in front. Leali'ifano levelled matters again when Dan Lydiate fell offside trying to stem a dangerous Wallabies counter-attack.  But the Lions twice benefited from hoisting up high kicks as the interval approached, the second falling to George North, with Jonny Sexton maintaining the momentum through a half-break. When Ben Mowen was penalised at the ensuing breakdown, Halfpenny's fourth penalty gave the Lions a slender half-time lead. Australia threw everything at the Lions in a tense and scoreless third quarter, but their defence - led by the obdurate Lydiate - initially held firm. There were nervous moments aplenty and further frustrations at the scrum.  The Lions lost one against the head after Youngs delayed the put-in, while O'Driscoll's pass straight to Folau allowed Australia to counter dangerously, before the Irish centre was penalised for hands in a ruck. The Lions sent on Conor Murray for Youngs at scrum-half, and the Irishman immediately helped win a relieving penalty over the ball as Australia built up a head of steam. Media playback is not supported on this deviceNorth had precious few opportunities with ball in hand, but he caught a pass and proceeded to pick up Folau and drive him backwards to galvanise his side. When they sent the Wallabies back-pedalling again at the next scrum, Halfpenny's fifth penalty in the 63rd minute stretched the lead to six points for the first time. The strains of "Swing Low, Swing Chariot" - a demonstration of four-nation unity among the legions of red - echoed around the cavernous arena, but Australia were not done yet. The dangerous Folau, stepping off his wing, was twice denied before the pressure finally told with five minutes left, O'Connor sending Ashley-Cooper crashing over. Leali'ifano nailed the conversion, but the Lions still had a line-out to save themselves with two minutes left.  However, replacement hooker Richard Hibbard could not find his target. With time up on the stadium clock, the Lions ran a penalty from their own half and got to halfway, where Australia conceded a penalty.  But Halfpenny's kick fell agonisingly short. Australia: Kurtley Beale; Israel Folau, Adam Ashley-Cooper, Christian Leali'ifano, Joe Tomane; James O'Connor, Will Genia; Benn Robinson, Stephen Moore, Ben Alexander, James Horwill, Kane Douglas, Ben Mowen, Michael Hooper, Wycliff Palu. Replacements: Saia Fainga'a, James Slipper (for Robinson 60), Sekope Kepu (for Alexander 58), Rob Simmons (for Douglas 53), Liam Gill (for Palu 60), Nick Phipps, Rob Horne (for Ashley-Cooper 79), Jesse Mogg. Lions: Leigh Halfpenny, Tommy Bowe, Brian O'Driscoll, Jonathan Davies, George North, Jonathan Sexton, Ben Youngs; Mako Vunipola, Tom Youngs, Adam Jones, Alun Wyn Jones, Geoff Parling, Dan Lydiate, Sam Warburton, Jamie Heaslip. Replacements: Richard Hibbard (for T Youngs 56), Ryan Grant, Dan Cole (for Jones 58), Tom Croft (for Warburton 66), Sean O'Brien (for Heaslip 62), Conor Murray (for B Youngs 53), Owen Farrell, Alex Cuthbert.
The 21-year-old, who has been playing for Icelandic side IBV this summer, has signed a one-year deal. "I'm looking forward to a new chapter in my career. "It was disappointing that I didn't play more Premier League football, but sometimes you have to take a step back to go forward again," the right-back told the League One club's website. "I know a couple of the other lads and I've had a good spell in Iceland so I feel fit and raring to go. "James is a terrific defender but he loves to get forward and fits the template of player I want in our squadHurst, who has represented England at Under-16, Under-17, Under-19 and Under-20 level, spent time on loan at Birmingham and Shrewsbury last season. He began his career at Portsmouth, but failed to make a senior appearance at Fratton Park and moved to West Brom in 2010 following a previous loan spell with IBV.He was restricted to three appearances in all competitions for the Baggies and had five separate loan spells away from the Hawthorns during his time with the Premier League side. Crawley manager Richie Barker said he was delighted to secure Hurst's signature. "Right-back was a key position for us when it came to adding to the squad," Barker said. "He's a terrific defender but he loves to get forward and fits the template of player I want in our squad - someone who is young, athletic with a willingness to learn and improve and [has] a terrific attitude.
Handing over an envelope containing 50,000 Vietnamese dong (VND) ($2. 4, Â£1. 6) did not do the trick, but when she added another 50,000 VND, the referral was secured. The 33-year-old woman, who did not want to be identified, then gave an envelope containing 500,000 VND ($24, Â£16) to the medical staff at the provincial hospital, an amount that was more than two months of her income. "All other patients told me that everyone must give envelopes to thank the doctors and nurses for the treatment, and that was the rate for such an operation," she said. The staff did not ask for it but she believed that by giving the envelope her son would receive better care. She is not alone.  Mrs Phin, a pensioner from a Hanoi suburb who lives on 3m VND per month, handed over an envelope containing 200,000 VND after eye treatment in hospital. But she was sent home before the treatment was complete.  So she was admitted to hospital again and that meant another thank-you envelope. "It cost me another 200,000 VND to thank the doctors and nurses.  I could only afford the smallest amount suggested by other patients," she said. Mrs Luyen, a retired teacher from a small town 35km outside of Hanoi, said passing over a cash gift for medical treatment was effectively mandatory. "Not all doctors ask for the envelopes but giving envelopes is a must when you go to hospital.  It's in our culture," she said. In Vietnam, medical treatment is mostly subsidised by the state via an insurance system free to civil servants and children, or paid for privately or by employers. But queues for treatment under insurance cover are long and public hospitals overcrowded, while salaries for much of the medical profession remain low. And with growing capitalist sentiment meeting entrenched Confucian values, the practice of handing over a cash-filled envelope to secure faster or better service has become widespread. The number of people who gave envelopes doubled in the three years from 2007-2010 - from 13% to 29%, one study showed. In 2012, a survey published by the World Bank and Vietnam's Government Inspectorate (which runs the Anti-Corruption Bureau) showed that 76% of those who had paid a bribe to health service personnel did so voluntarily, with only 21% responding to a request. In an effort to fight corruption, five big hospitals in Hanoi launched a campaign in October 2011 to bolster ethical behaviour among staff, including a "Say no to envelopes" policy. Vietnam's Research and Training Centre for Community Development (RTCCD) also conducted a similar campaign to change perceptions of informal payments, using the media to raise patients' awareness of their rights as well as of doctors' duties. Nguyen Huu Ngoc, a well-known scholar in Hanoi, said the root of the problem lay in the Confucian gift-giving tradition. "In Vietnamese society as well as in Chinese, gifts stem from gratitude," the scholar said. "Showing gratitude used to have more spiritual value than material value.  But over the years, it has become more material and less spiritual, and now in the market economy it is like a transaction. "Culture might be used to justify the payments - but culture can be changed, according to Soren Davidsen, a senior governance specialist at the World Bank in Hanoi. "We know gift-giving is an important part of culture.  But we also know that culture is not a static but dynamic thing.  Several countries in East Asia, such as Singapore, South Korea and Japan, have a culture of corruption, yet these countries have found effective ways to curb corruption. "Although there is often the perception about culture being a part of corruption, we think that this is the wrong way of looking at it.  And we can, by involving people, businesses and government in partnership, actually change culture," said Mr Davidsen. For many people, the line between a gift and a bribe has become blurred - something some people embrace as "an excuse to give envelopes", said Tran Thu Ha, vice-director of RTCCD.But for people who campaign to stop the practice like her, it is easy to identify what is a gift and what is a bribe. "A gift can be given in public or anywhere, it needs time to talk and to say thank you, whereas a bribe is often given very quickly and both the giver and the receiver are afraid of being seen by other people," Ms Ha said. But to change people's behaviour is one of the big difficulties that Vietnam is facing and will take time, acknowledged Mr Ngo Manh Hung, deputy director-general of Vietnam's Anti-Corruption Bureau. There has been considerable debate about how to curb the practice in the health service.  One suggestion is raising health workers' salaries so that they stop accepting envelopes. But that alone will not be enough.  Associate Professor Ta Van Binh, director of the National Institute of Diabetes and Metabolic Disorders, believes that the government needs clear rules and tough punishments for medical staff who break them. But work also needs to be done to help patients understand that they do not need to give envelopes - and may themselves be breaking the rules if they do. Nguyen Huu Ngoc even thinks that there should be sanctions applied to patients who give envelopes to help clean up the industry. But this would need co-operation from all sides - patients, health workers and the authorities - and remains a big task. "It's not an easy thing to do because corruption is about money, people and power," said Mr Davidsen of the World Bank. "It's a huge challenge curbing corruption and co-ordinating anti-corruption efforts across government agencies.  It is not a quick fix and can't be done overnight. "There will be a series of special reports and articles this week as the BBC examines why bribes and backhanders are part of the system in so much of the world, looks at countries which have tried to roll back the tide - and explains how corruption works.
The singer told The Sun he had performed 10 concerts in "agony" on his European tour before he called in doctors. "I was a ticking time bomb.  I guess I could have died at any time," he said. According to his website, he is on a course of "intensive antibiotics" and is expected to undergo surgery "in the coming weeks". Sir Elton has had to postpone a series of summer festival dates including shows in Italy, Germany and London's Hyde Park this week. A spokesman said the diagnosis had been made "following a number of exploratory scans and blood tests with his medical team in the UK". He confirmed the singer would not return to touring until he had fully recovered from both the planned surgery and any damage caused by the appendix abscess. "Elton is incredibly disappointed to postpone these tour dates," he said. "To know that he made such super-human efforts and continued to perform to thousands through his illness only confirms his dedication to his European fans. "He is eager to be back on top form and return to play the remaining shows starting in early September 2013. "Sir Elton had been due to perform at the Collisioni festival in Italy on Tuesday, with further shows in Germany on Thursday and a headline gig at London's Hyde Park on Friday. British Summer Time festival organisers AEG Live said the Hyde Park show would still go ahead with Elvis Costello and former Kinks frontman Ray Davies on the bill, with existing ticket holders receiving a full refund. Other July dates now scrapped include festivals in Spain, France and Monaco. Sir Elton is due back in the UK in September, performing at the First Direct Arena in Leeds and at Bestival before heading back to Las Vegas for a month-long residency at The Colosseum.
An Adventure in Space and Time, written by Mark Gatiss, will tell the story of the formation of the sci-fi drama in the early 1960s. The actor, best-known for his role as caretaker Filch in the Harry Potter films, gave a "wonderfully touching and subtle performance" said Gatiss. The one-off drama will be shown as part of Doctor Who's 50th anniversary. Bradley said he was "absolutely thrilled" to be offered the role by Gatiss after starring in a 2012 episode, Dinosaurs on a Spaceship. "When he asked if I would interested, I almost bit his hand off!" Bradley said earlier this year. Scottish actor Brian Cox, will appear alongside Bradley as BBC Head of Drama, Sydney Newman, who was credited with the creation of the show. Doctor Who was first broadcast on 23 November 1963, with a four-part adventure known as An Unearthly Child. Hartnell, who died in 1975, starred in the series from 1963 to 1966 before being replaced by Patrick Troughton. An Adventure in Space and Time is one of a number of programmes that will mark Doctor Who's half-centenary later this year.
Alun Davies told AMs they had received 7,000 responses to a consultation containing "strongly held" views. He said he would now look at the 125 existing marine protected areas to see if further improvements could be made. The Marine Conservation Society (MCS) described it as an "embarrassing U-turn" for the Welsh government, and has called for better protection of seas. Creating the zones would mean a ban on fishing and anchoring in some areas and had brought opposition. The Welsh Fishermen's Association said previously that existing conservation networks for Welsh waters are adequate. The Welsh government proposed the zones last year with the backing of the Countryside Council of Wales and the Marine Conservation Society. The minister for natural resources said the decision had been made after the thousands of responses to the consultation brought "divergent and strongly held views". Mr Davies said to "avoid any continuing uncertainty over the options presented in the 2012 consultation, I am also withdrawing all the proposed sites". His comments come after the findings were published of a task and finish team which reviewed the feedback. Now, he will concentrate on the existing 125 Marine Protected Areas (MPAs) that cover 36% of Welsh seas to see if any changes can be made rather than creating additional zones. "We are now in a stronger position to assess our current contribution to the network's ecological coherence," he said. "I have, therefore, commissioned an assessment of our current MPAs to identify if there are any gaps and what the options might be to fill those gaps. "If any measures are required, I believe they should be simple, proportionate and fit for purpose. "Dr Peter Richardson, biodiversity programme manager for MCS, said the Welsh government "spent an awful lot of time and money and encouraged other people to put effort into this consultation response". He said: "70% of the consultation responses were in favour of designating these sites and yet today the minister has announced he's scrapping the whole thing. . .  bit of an embarrassing U-turn for the government I think. "He added: "I think there are plenty of people in the fishing industry. . .  that understand that in order to get the best yields from the marine habitats on which they depend, they have to be managed properly.
A statement says to meet the criteria for the revamped 2014 Super League they had to establish a partnership with a men's club or similar institution. It is the chairman's belief that by incorporating the ladies' team with the men's team, we can develop a one-club mentalityThe club say the shared chairmanship of Ray Trew will bring "mutual gain". "The players will have access to the kind of facilities and resources the Notts squad have," the statement read. "This was another key driving factor.  Together with the benefits for the playing staff, there are numerous off-field advantages also, with the ladies' side able to tap into the well-established commercial, media and marketing facilities available at Notts County. "Many Lincoln Ladies supporters were angered by the move, which will see the club playing their home games around 35 miles away from their current temporary home at Lincoln City's Sincil Bank. The Lady Imps, who had an application to relocate blocked by the FA Women's Super League in 2012, say they understand fans' concerns and "are working closely with organisations in both Nottingham and Lincoln to ensure that following the club in our new home will be as easy and affordable as possible". The statement added: "It is the chairman's belief that by incorporating the ladies' team with the men's team, we can develop a one-club mentality that will benefit both sides and aid growth of the combined brand. "Lady Imps player Megan Harris told BBC Lincolnshire: "It's a really tough situation.  I have been with Lincoln since the very beginning so it is hard to see something that I have been part of move. "But obviously I work for the club as well and can see behind the scenes and what's going on and how the women's game is progressing.  It is turning into much more of a business now and money is starting to talk. "Liverpool are sitting top of the Super League because they had a massive cash injection and the men's team are backing them.  If you want to compete at the highest level then that's what you have to do.
Actor Julian Lewis Jones, Bangor-born star of TV sitcom Stella, was among the team which pulled the 6ft (2m) mako out of the water near Milford Haven. It is thought to be the first ever mako shark caught in Wales. An average mako will grow up to 10ft (3m) in length. Makos swim in excess of 30mph and can weigh up to 300lbs (135kg). Jones - along with Andy Griffith, David Morris and Andrew Alsop - set off at 05:30 BST on Thursday for a day's fishing. They were around 30 miles (50km) off the Milford Haven coast, and had already caught and released two blue sharks weighing 120lbs (55kg) each, when something in the blue water caught their eye. "We saw this flash that whizzed passed the boat - it was a big white belly and it went so, so fast," said the actor. "Next thing this shark leapt 15ft in the air about 20ft off the back of the stern of the boat. "We all looked at each other and said 'that's a mako' and we knew the importance of it. "This is something that you dream of. "Jones, who has appeared on angling programmes on Sky TV and Welsh-language channel S4C, said the team all worked together to bring in the shark which had been caught by Griffith. "Mako sharks are aggressive and fast animals and they have been known to actually jump inside boats," said Jones. "It was around 40 minutes before we had him on the side of the boat and he went a bit ballistic and you can't control it - it's a wild animal, it's like trying to control a rhino. "The four men managed to slip a circle hook into the corner of the shark's mouth and get him to the deck of the boat. The shark weighed in at around 200lbs (90kg) and measured around 6ft (2m). Once the photographs and measurements had been taken, Alsop gave the shark a kiss on the top of his head and the team released him. Jones said: "We were so privileged, absolutely stoked to have done it and it was the first off the coast of Wales. "The International Shark Attack File (ISAF) has recorded 42 mako attacks on humans between 1980 and 2010, three of which were fatal, along with twenty boat attacks. The organisation says divers who have encountered makos say that, prior to an attack, they will swim in a figure-of-eight pattern and approach with mouths open. It is not the first time Jones has had a surprising catch. In May, he saved a young wallaby while fishing off Australia's Northern Territory in the mouth of Darwin Harbour. The waters there are infested with crocodiles and sharks. Jones said at the time: "It looked like it was on its last legs.  It was so scared and in the middle of the ocean.  It came to our boat perhaps sensing that we would be able to help it.
A team from Cardiff University has spent the last month excavating Caerau hill fort near Ely. It is smaller than its contemporaries at Pentyrch and Pontprennau and had been thought to be inferior in status. But structures and artefacts so far unearthed suggest the fort remained important well into the Roman era. Until now it has been thought that the fort was purely a stronghold of the Silurian tribe who inhabited this part of Wales from around the 5th Century BC, falling into disuse once they were finally defeated by the Romans, circa 75 AD.However the initial dig this summer has uncovered a considerable amount of new information, including three Iron Age roundhouses and a stone-built pathway that runs around the edge of the hill fort, suggesting to the experts a possible domestic and/or political dimension. Also, the mix of Silurian and Roman artefacts may indicate that the fort was occupied much later than had been thought, and that the two groups might have mingled there. Dr Oliver Davis, from the university's School of History, Archaeology and Religion, said: "People think of these sites as defensive structures, but our attention is turning to whether the people who lived there were actually developing a community or collective identity for themselves. "Our community excavations show that occupation at the site continued until at least the third century AD, well into the Roman period. "Domestic life is indicated by the discovery of simple tools and ceramics from all periods. "A glimpse of the personality of the inhabitants is provided by the discovery of a glass bead of Iron Age date and an enamelled disc brooch of Roman date. "Both these objects indicate that individuals were concerned with their appearance, and that life in the past was a little more colourful than we sometimes think. "Over the past month the team has also examined the inner of the three ramparts that surround the hill fort.  These ramparts and their associated ditches were unlikely to have been built just for defence. "But as well as colour from the past, Dave Horton, of the community organisation Action in Caerau and Ely, said the way local residents have had a hand in the discoveries has also lent a little colour to the present. "The last few weeks have seen a whirlwind of activity in Ely and Caerau focused around our beautiful iron-age hill fort," he said. "Literally hundreds of local people have visited the site and have dug together, learned new skills, shared local knowledge, and have celebrated together with a fantastic Iron Age hog roast. ""We have all walked down the hill to our homes with a different perspective.   We have found new pride in the history of our community.
The man, named by state media as Ji Zhongxing, 34, from central Shandong province, was injured and taken to hospital. No-one else was hurt in the blast, which filled part of the Terminal 3 arrivals hall with smoke. An online microblog attributed to the man says the explosion was to protest at his ill-treatment by Chinese police. The blog suggests his lower body was paralyzed after he was alleged to have been heavily beaten by security agents in southern China in 2005. Mr Ji, who is alleged to have been operating an unlicensed motorbike taxi service, was also apparently dissatisfied with the way his complaints against the authorities had been dealt with. State news agency Xinhua said he detonated the device - a package of gunpowder taken from fireworks - after being prevented from distributing leaflets. Photos posted on China's Weibo microblogging site showed a dark-haired man waving a white package in the air before the explosion. Later images from the airport showed the wheelchair on its side with officials treating him on the floor. Smoke drifted through the terminal after the blast, which occurred shortly before 18:30 (10:30 GMT) near one of the arrival gates. Xinhua showed several medical workers providing emergency treatment, with police officers also at the scene. Officials say order has been restored at the airport and there is no disruption to flights.
Type 22s HMS Cumberland, HMS Campbeltown, HMS Chatham and HMS Cornwall are currently moored in Portsmouth Harbour. The Ministry of Defence (MoD) expects to receive just under £3m from the sales agreed earlier this month. HMS Cornwall has been sold to Swansea Drydocks while the other three have been bought by Turkish firm Leyal. The two companies will recycle as many parts of the former Devonport-based ships as possible. Aircraft carriers Ark Royal and Invincible have also been sold to the Leyal yard in recent years. The four frigates were put up for sale in January with a preference for at least one of them to go to a UK ship recycler to determine the capacity of the UK's industry in the field. An MoD spokesman said: "We believe this deal represents value for money and a number of tenders were received both nationally and internationally. "Certain aspects of the ships' equipment will be recycled for use on other vessels and we have tried to be as economical with the disposal as possible. "Penny Mordaunt, Conservative MP for Portsmouth North, had hoped one of the frigates could have been sunk and turned into a diving attraction but bids in that field were rejected. The ships are expected to leave Portsmouth in the autumn.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Plymouth-based 16-year-old clocked one minute 04. 30 seconds in Barcelona, 0. 15 secs faster than the previous best time set by Jessica Hardy in 2009. Earlier, Meilutyte had recorded 1:04. 52 in qualifying, the second-fastest time in history and a new European record. In the 200m individual medley final, Sophie Allen was seventh and fellow Briton Siobhan-Marie O'Connor eighth. London 2012 Olympic champion Meilutyte will seek to win Lithuania's first ever World Championships gold medal in Tuesday's final. Media playback is not supported on this device"I'll be have a relaxing day tomorrow and will save all my energy for the final," she said. "My biggest aim is accomplished now and I'll give it my best shot in the final.  Obviously, a gold medal would be a cherry on top of the ice cream. "Her coach Jon Rudd said: "It feels a bit surreal, but now I remember the feeling of the Olympic gold medal because it's kind of the same. "The plan was to go for the world record tonight because we don't want to have to worry about times tomorrow - just the medal. "[Russian rival] Yuliya Efimova will push her so she'll her need to be on her toes tomorrow, but I think there's more to come. "Briton O'Connor only reached the 200m individual medley final after Australian Emily Seebohm pulled out in order to concentrate on her preferred 100m backstroke event, but the 17-year-old found herself in second place at the halfway stage. However, she faded in the second half to finish eighth in a race which was won by Hungary's Katinka Hosszu.  Olympic champion Ye Shiwen surprisingly only managed to come fourth. "I just need to learn how to swim it better," said O'Connor.  "I keep doing that - going out too fast - and I definitely think I got a bit excited with it being a final. "Compatriot Allen, 21, added: "I'm disappointed I wasn't able to make a personal best like I did in the semi-final. ""It's amazing, it's so much fun and so incredible to see the youth that this sport has and that it will continue to have.  It's so awesome being a part of it and being a part of this whole experience as it's happening. "US Olympic champion Missy Franklin, 18, on teenage successes"If I'd have done that time again [2:10. 23], I'd have been in fourth place but hopefully as it's my first major international final I'll be better in the future. "Scottish Commonwealth champion Robbie Renwick qualified with the fourth quickest time of 1:46. 95 heading into the final of the 200m freestyle event on Tuesday and hopes to win Britain's first medal of the championships. "I have a good lane for tomorrow night and it'll be anyone's race so I've got to get myself in a good position and really try to go for a medal," said the 25-year-old, who will face US star Ryan Lochte in the final. Chris Walker-Hebborn, 23, and Lauren Quigley, 20, both missed out on places in their respective 100m backstroke finals, but each return to compete over 200m later in the week. In the evening's other finals, Australia's Christian Sprenger claimed 100m breaststroke gold with South Africa's Cameron Van Der Burgh second and Felipe Lima of Brazil third. Victory went to Sarah Sjostrom of Sweden in the 100m butterfly ahead of Australia's Alicia Coutts and US Olympic champion Dana Vollmer. Brazilian Cesar Cielo won the 50m butterfly final. There was frustration for Britain's Ben Proud, who did not reach the final, but would have claimed bronze with the British record of 23. 10 he set at last month's trials.
Renfe chief Julio Gomez-Pomar was speaking to a parliamentary panel about the crash near Santiago de Compostela. The derailment on 24 July also left about 170 people injured. Train driver Francisco Jose Garzon Amo is under investigation but has not been formally charged. "Throughout the journey there is no record of communication from the train to the monitoring centre to report any damage or abnormality," Mr Gomez-Pomar said. He said all normal security procedures had been followed and that the driver had not been on duty more than the standard number of hours, having just returned to work after two days off. The BBC's Guy Hedgecoe in Madrid says the parliamentary session is not expected to look at the causes of the accident. Instead, MPs want to know what measures have been taken since then to improve safety. The train's "black box" data recorder has revealed that Mr Garzon was talking to a colleague on his work phone and consulting documents just before the derailment. Judicial authorities have said the train was travelling at 192km/h (119mph) - more than twice the speed limit - on the bend where it derailed. All eight carriages careered off the tracks on the express route between Madrid and the port city of Ferrol on the Galician coast. The Renfe chief said that on the day of the crash the train had undergone a thorough technical inspection and nothing abnormal had been found.  The brakes were in perfect condition, he said. In addition, he said there were three warning signs on the line telling drivers about the bend near Santiago de Compostela where the train derailed and where the speed limit was 80km/h. Mr Gomez-Pomar said that under Renfe's rules drivers are banned from sending text messages during journeys, they can only use their work phone if strictly necessary and are not allowed to make calls on their personal phone. Spain's Minister of Public Works Ana Pastor will address the panel on Friday and announce extra measures to prevent such accidents in future, the Renfe chief said.
The number of people claiming Jobseeker's Allowance in July fell more sharply, down by 29,000 to 1. 4 million. The unemployment rate remains at 7. 8%, still well above the 7% rate target set by the Bank of England. The Bank's governor, Mark Carney, says interest rates are unlikely to rise before that target is reached. The ONS said the figures meant unemployment was "broadly unchanged" from the first three months of the year. The number of people in work increased by 69,000 in the three months to June, up to 29. 78 million.  That is the highest level since records began in 1971. That means 307,000 more people are in employment in the UK, compared with the same time last year. Latest unemployment figures across the UKThe ONS's David Freeman said two-thirds of this increase had been seen in UK nationals.  A third of the employment increase came from non-UK nationals working in the UK.Suddenly everyone is watching out for the unemployment rate.  That's because the Bank of England governor, Mark Carney, has said future interest rate rises will not start until, barring unexpected events, the rate falls to 7% of the workforce. The latest figures, the first since the Bank's forward guidance announcement, showed the rate was unchanged at 7. 8%.   Yet the figures also showed the number in work was at a record high.   And therein lies a problem for the Bank. The economy is creating jobs but the workforce is growing.   So there may be solid economic growth over the next couple of years, but the unemployment rate still takes a while to come down.   And during that time, inflation alarm bells may start to ring. Analysts said the figures portrayed a mixed picture of the UK jobs market. "Despite some good news in the latest jobs figures there are worrying signs about the underlying state of the UK jobs market," said John Philpott, from the think tank, The Jobs Economist. "The rise in employment is almost matched by an increase in the size of the workforce, which means the unemployment rate is unchanged at 7. 8%. "The headline jobs figures may continue to be broadly positive but one only has to dig a little deeper into the statistics to see that millions of people are continuing to be hit by a combination of lack of jobs and a ceaseless sharp fall in the real value of their pay. "Youth unemployment, among those aged 16-24, increased by 15,000 to reach 973,000. The number of people out of work for more than two years also rose by 10,000 to 474,000, the highest number in 16 years. The ONS also released figures showing that wages grew by 1. 1% over the past 12 months.  When bonuses were included, wages grew by 2. 1% - the highest annual growth rate since June 2011. The small fall in unemployment comes a week after Mr Carney linked the Bank of England's interest rate policy decisions to the unemployment rate for the first time. He said the MPC will not consider raising interest rates until the unemployment rate falls below 7%, which he predicted would take about three years and the creation of 750,000 jobs. Work and Pensions minister Steve Webb told the BBC that "things were starting to look much more positive".  He said the jobs figures added to a general picture of an economy that was starting to pick up. But Labour's shadow employment minister, Stephen Timms, said the reality was that for ordinary families things were getting "harder not easier", highlighting the rise in part-time workers. "Ministers just sound out of touch when they ignore the fact that the number of people who are working part-time because they cannot find a full-time job is at record levels," he said.
The 6ft 4in player, who finished top scorer in last season's Europa League, has signed a four-year contract. Kozak, 24, has represented his country four times and becomes Villa's seventh signing of the summer. "He'll add greatly to what we've got," said Aston Villa manager Paul Lambert.  "He has an unbelievable scoring record in the Europa League. "Kozak scored eight times in European football's second-tier knockout competition last season. Lambert says his arrival will ease the pressure on fellow striker Christian Benteke, who has scored 22 times in 37 Premier League appearances since arriving from Belgian side Genk a year ago. "We need somebody like him as we only have Christian Benteke really as a main target man," added Lambert. Midfielder Stephen Ireland, 27, has joined Stoke City on loan for the rest of the season while Barry Bannan has signed for Crystal Palace on a three-year deal. Villa manager Paul Lambert has already added to his attacking options this summer, with the signing of striker Nicklas Helenius from Aalborg.
Mr Osborne cited "tentative signs of a balanced, broad based and sustainable recovery", but stressed it was still the "early stages" and "plenty of risks" remained. Mr Osborne said that recent months - which have seen more upbeat reports on the economy - had "decisively ended" questions about his economic policy. Labour has dismissed the comments. The speech comes ahead of the Conservative Party conference later this month, and after a number of forecasts and surveys pointed to an acceleration in the UK's economic recovery. Revised gross domestic product figures showed the UK economy grew by 0. 7% in the second quarter of the year, with predictions it could reach 1% for the third quarter. And last week the OECD economic agency sharply increased its growth forecast for the UK economy this year to 1. 5% from an earlier estimate of 0. 8%. By Nick RobinsonPolitical editorThe Conservatives' fear is that in future voters may not accept that current policies need to be maintainedEconomic arguments have just begunMr Osborne said: "The economic collapse was even worse than we thought.  Repairing it will take even longer than we hoped. "But we held our nerve when many told us to abandon our plan.  And as a result, thanks to the efforts and sacrifices of the British people, Britain is turning a corner. "Of course, many risks remain.  These are still the early stages of recovery.  But we mustn't go back to square one.  We mustn't lose what the British people have achieved. "This is a hard, difficult road we have been following.  But it is the only way to deliver a sustained, lasting improvement in the living standards of the British people. "The government's "economic plan is the right response to Britain's macroeconomic imbalances and the evidence shows that it is working", he said, in his address to an audience of academics, think tanks and businesses. Mr Osborne said that those who advocated an alternative economic path could not explain recent improvements in the economic data. And "the last few months have decisively ended" the idea that the scale and pace of his measures were to blame for much slower than projected growth over recent years, he added. "Those in favour of a Plan B have lost the argument," he said. Heeding calls to abandon the government's economic plan in order to spend and borrow more would have undermined the recovery and "would be disastrous" now, Mr Osborne said. He pledged to remain "vigilant" to threats from abroad - including growing instability in the Middle East pushing up the oil price and a fresh eurozone crisis - as well as at home. John Cridland, director-general of business lobby group CBI, said the economy was gathering some momentum, business confidence was rising and he expected growth to continue into next year. "We have always said that deficit reduction should be at the top of the government's 'to-do list', but it must be coupled with an unrelenting focus on growth-boosting measures like infrastructure projects," he said. By Stephanie FlandersEconomics editorAnd he dismissed claims he was encouraging "the wrong sort of growth" - led by debt-fuelled consumer spending - insisting the evidence suggested "tentative signs of a balanced, broad based and sustainable recovery". He said there were many tough decisions still to be taken and that "the only sustainable path to prosperity is to reject the old quick fixes and stick to the course we have set". Labour accused Mr Osborne of "extraordinary complacency". Opposition leader Ed Miliband told the BBC that the chancellor was "saying to people that he has saved the British economy at a time when, for ordinary families, life is getting worse". "If ever you wanted proof that the government is out of touch with most people, that it is on the side of the few, George Osborne has provided it today," he added.
The British supermarket giant, the world's third largest retailer, has been looking to dispose of its loss-making US food chain for some time. Around 4,000 of Fresh & Easy's 5,000 employees are to transfer to the new business as part of the deal. Tesco said in a statement that this is an "orderly and efficient exit from the US market". Under the terms of the deal, Tesco will loan the new business around Â£80m. Fresh & Easy, which operates 200 stores across California, Nevada and Arizona, has lost money since opening in 2007. Tesco did not specify which stores are being transferred to Yucaipa, but it is understood the remaining 50 shops will be closed. It will cost Tesco Â£150m to dispose of the Fresh & Easy brand, but part of that is a loan which may be paid back. Also, if Yucaipa is sucessful and the business becomes profitable, Tesco has the option to buy a stake. Yucaipa is a Los Angeles based private equity company focused on supermaket and restaurant businesses and is run by billionaire investor Ron Burkle. In April of this year, Tesco reported its first fall in annual profits for 20 years.
This weekend's match is the centenary of the first meeting between the two sides, and with Leicester arriving as champions there is no doubt which club is in the ascendancy at the moment. During Guscott's time at The Rec it was the West country club that ruled the roost - and he believes they are potentially on the cusp of a revival. This game is big in a lot of different ways for different generations of families and supporters, and the players that have represented both clubs through the years. Those that have followed and played for these two clubs over many years will remember the times they have been successful and the times they have not. Bath took over from Tigers as the dominant English club around 1983-84 and maintained that until the early-to-mid 1990s. Since that time Tigers have been there or thereabouts, often battling for supremacy with Wasps and have been the most consistent English club for 25 years or so. This particular fixtures is given an extra edge because of the anniversary.  It evokes memories of all the great games of the past but, looking to the future, Bath are potential challengers to a Tigers team that will want to put down a marker. Throughout my career, games against Leicester - as well as local rivals Gloucester and Bristol - were the biggest games that Bath played in, perhaps because of three cup finals Bath won in 1989, 1994 and 1996. At the time, both teams were used to winning and were full of current or previous internationals players.  Who wouldn't want to be involved in those games?The contests were always full of tension, particularly the 1996 final when we got a penalty try to win 16-15.  At the end of the game Leicester's Neil back mistook team-mate Steve Lander for Bath's Andy Robinson and pushed him over. With a comfortable win at Newcastle on the opening weekend, Bath have got off to a good start.  However, the visit of Leicester is one of the biggest tests of the season and it is good that it arrives early. The Tigers challenge will show this relatively new Bath team where they are and how much further they need to go. Fly-half George Ford ran the game well against the Falcons last week in poor conditions, he was tactically good and nailed most of his kicks. The Tigers know him well and I'm sure the likes of Julian Salvi and Jordan Crane would like the opportunity to get some tackling practice in on their former team-mate. Individually, Bath have exciting backs like Kyle Eastmond, Jonathan Joseph, Nick Abendanon, Tom Heathcote, Anthony Watson, Tom Biggs, Semesa Rokoduguni, Gavin Henson and more. We await to see what they can collectively produce, especially as there are high expectations to deal with. You have to admire the Tigers - the club, supporters, playing squad and management. FridayHarlequins v Northampton - Quins winSale v Newcastle  - Sale winSaturdayExeter v London Wasps - Exeter winWorcester v London Irish - Warriors winBath v Leicester - Bath winSundaySaracens v Gloucester - Sarries winThis weekend's full fixture listOver the years they have been brilliant at maintaining their values by recruiting the right players.  By that, I mean they have signed players that aren't always the best in their position but are seen as the right fit for the Tigers culture.  That's very important. The Tigers expects nothing less than 100% commitment on and off the field and expect their players to abide by the culture and code of conduct set out. You may think that's the case at every club.  It's not - and that is one of the reasons that the others have struggled to match Leicester. Leicester ran over Worcester last week and they will look to power through Bath with more aggression and precision at the breakdown.  They will look to make Bath players ask themselves whether they have what it takes to be a top-four team.  Have they got the heart and soul for the fight?Fly-half Ryan Lamb had a mixed game last weekend but that's what you get from a player who tends to play what he sees rather than what might have been planned.  He does the unexpected, which is different to Toby Flood. Flanker Tom Croft, who is out for the season with a knee injury, is a huge loss and we all wish him a speedy recovery. Bath want to change from last season's defensive displays and test themselves with a more balanced style.  This new game plan will be given a severe test against the Tigers. Outside the clear colossal forward engagement that will take place, Bath's most important player will be Ford.  If he has the clear mind to make the right decisions and produce a big-game performance, Bath will win. Media playback is not supported on this deviceBath have been starved of success for some time now, but they have begun a journey under new owner Bruce Craig, who has arrived with ideas that are ambitious, but certainly not impossible. Before Craig arrived, Bath had, in my opinion, lost their on-field identity, with no recognisable style.  Only under Steve Meehan did they give the impression that something was building, but that ended and another unsuccessful period started. For quite some time Bath haven't had enough quality players or guys who have wanted to work hard enough to earn success.  Gary Gold, Mike Ford and their team of coaches have to create that environment. Off the pitch you can see the changes, the club's administration and training facilities all under the same roof at Farleigh Manor, providing a great working habitat. It's hoped the Recreation Ground could house a new stadium for 2015.  Maybe Bath will have a winning team by then.
Valerie Cadogan was cycling with her husband when she struck the 25cm (10in) wide, 11cm (4in) pothole and hit her head, Newport Coroner's Court heard. Council workers were called to the area within hours to fill in the potholes in April this year and make the area safe. Coroner David Bowen said the effects of the impact may have been lessened had Mrs Cadogan been wearing a helmet. Mrs Cadogan was airlifted to Bristol's Frenchay Hospital after the incident but never regained consciousness.  She died the following day. The Newport Coroner's Court hearing was told Monmouthshire council immediately filled the pothole on St Mary's Road. Mark Watkins, of the local authority's highways department, said the road is inspected annually and they had had no reports of defects there following an inspection in June 2012.
Markets run by federal and state governments opened for the millions of Americans seeking insurance plans. As many as seven million Americans who do not already have health insurance are eligible to purchase coverage in the coming months. Republican opposition to the law led to the government shutdown on Tuesday. At the White House on Tuesday, Mr Obama said the opportunity would be "life changing" for the "15% of Americans who don't have health insurance". "Tens of thousands of Americans die each year just because they don't have health insurance," Mr Obama said, with Americans set to sign up for plans standing behind him. "Millions more live with the fear that they'll go broke if they get sick.  And today, we begin to free millions of our fellow Americans from that fear. "While Mr Obama and his supporters in the Democratic Party portray the law as a historic effort to extend healthcare coverage to the millions of Americans who lack it, the law's opponents say it amounts to an unprecedented intrusion into Americans' private lives. The online health insurance marketplaces, or exchanges, struggled to meet higher than expected demand on Tuesday, with many users reporting long waiting times. Health and Human Services spokeswoman Joanne Peters told the Associated Press news agency the agency was "prepared to make adjustments as needed [to] improve the consumer experience". Users also reported errors while trying to create accounts and site crashes on the websites. "The first day of something that you know is going to have a lot of bugs, it's not that frustrating," Mike Weaver, a self-employed photographer without insurance told the Associated Press. "If it was the last day to sign up. . .  then I'd be terribly frustrated. "Mr Obama acknowledged the glitches and delays. "We found out that there have been times this morning where the site has been running more slowly than it normally will," Mr Obama said. "The reason is because more than one million people visited healthcare.gov before 7:00 in the morning. "The exchanges will continue to enrol people through the end of the year for healthcare plans slated to begin next year. The opening of the exchanges was the culmination of more than three years of political combat in Washington over the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, signed into law by Mr Obama in 2010 and known to both sides as Obamacare. Republicans in Washington and in state capitals across the country have fought hard to undermine or undo the law since its passage, with the US House of Representatives taking dozens of symbolic votes to repeal it or eliminate its funding. A legal challenge led by the law's Republican opponents ended in June 2012 when the Supreme Court validated the law's keystone provision - a requirement that Americans not receiving health coverage from their employers or the government purchase individual plans or pay a fine. That requirement, known as the individual mandate, takes effect in January. The healthcare law was also a central issue in the 2012 presidential election.  Republican candidate Mitt Romney vowed to press for its repeal.  Mr Obama handily won re-election. On Tuesday, the US government shut non-essential services, keeping more than 700,000 workers at home, when the Democrats who control the Senate refused to agree to Republican demands to repeal the health law or delay the individual mandate. Both Mr Obama and congressional Democrats have said they will not negotiate on Obamacare, with Mr Obama on Monday evening accusing the Republicans of attempting to refight the last election. In spite of the political turmoil in Washington, on Tuesday Americans were able to enrol in insurance plans offered by private companies and ranging in price and level of coverage through exchanges in every state. Sixteen states and Washington DC have opted to operate their own exchanges, while the exchanges in 34 states will be fully or partially run by the federal government. Exchanges will also inform customers of tax subsidies available to ease the cost of the insurance.  An estimated six million US citizens are expected to qualify. Customers enrolling under Obamacare will not be covered by the insurance until 1 January however. That corresponds with the start of the individual mandate, as well as consumer protections including a rule barring insurers from denying coverage to people with pre-existing health conditions. Several Obamacare provisions had taken effect prior to Tuesday, including prescription drug discounts for pensioners, a rule allowing children to remain on their parents' insurance plans up to age 26, a rule barring insurers from denying coverage to children with pre-existing health conditions, and a ban on lifetime limits on health coverage. Another major provision known as the employer mandate - which requires employers with at least 50 full-time workers to provide insurance or incur a $2,000 (Â£1,320) per employee penalty - has been delayed until 2015. That delay, announced by the Obama administration in July, has been seen as a concession to retailers and other businesses - and an acknowledgement that the health law was not fully ready for implementation.
The A344 next to the monument was shut in June to "restore the dignity" of the stone circle as part of a Â£27m project. Residents of villages including Shrewton and Orcheston say their lanes have become "rat runs" for drivers avoiding congestion on the A303. Campaigners will collect signatures for a petition this weekend. Janice Hassett, from the Shrewton Traffic Action Group (Stag), said: "The A344 should not have been closed before the A303 was dualled. "The A303 at Stonehenge Bottom was bad before, but it's a nightmare now. "Traffic is stupidly backing up to Thruxton on a holiday weekend. "Sat-navs are sending people right through our villages.  There's going to be an accident. "The petition is asking for "urgent action" to be taken to tackle high volumes of non-local traffic using the B3086 through Shrewton, a 20mph speed limit to be introduced and better signage to be installed.
The $5m (??3. 2m) prize is supposed to be awarded each year to an elected leader who governed well, raised living standards and then left office. This is the fourth time in five years there has been no winner. A committee member said the group looked "for excellence in governance but in leadership also". Kenya's Mwai Kibaki met at least one of the criteria, after he stepped down as president earlier this year. However, his 2007 re-election was tarnished by disputes which turned violent, leading to the deaths of some 1,200 people. His opponent, Raila Odinga, said the poll had been rigged in favour of Mr Kibaki, who denied any wrongdoing. Three people have won in the seven years since the prize was launched: Cape Verde's Pedro Verona Pires; Festus Mogae from Botswana and Mozambique's Joaquim Chissano. Sudan-born telecoms entrepreneur Mr Ibrahim launched the prize in an attempt to encourage African leaders to leave power peacefully. The $5m prize is spread over 10 years and is followed by $200,000 a year for life.
The character with a huge papier mache head was the alter-ego of musician and comedian Chris Sievey, who died in 2010. Fans raised Â£60,000 for the tribute which was made in a Czech foundry. Hundreds of people attended an unveiling ceremony earlier, many in fancy dress for the occasion. Neil Taylor, who helped raise the donations for the statue, said its installation would mean that "Frank will gaze on the Timperley sunset forever". He said: "You either got the humour or you didn't get the humour. "Frank Sidebottom created a whole world, he was just magical.  He just made a very modest living entertaining people and that's what he's enjoying doing. "Sievey set his character's life in the village, where he lived himself, and, as Frank, hosted tours of the area for fans. He often referenced Timperley in his TV and music work, notably on his 1987 release, The Timperley EP, which featured a version of The Kinks' 1967 song Waterloo Sunset with altered lyrics that referred extensively to the village. He also covered Sex Pistols' Anarchy in the UK, changing its title to Anarchy in Timperley. Although best known for Frank Sidebottom, Sievey also had success in the late 1970s with his punk band The Freshies, who had a hit with I'm In Love With The Girl On The Manchester Virgin Megastore Checkout Desk. His TV fame peaked in the early 1990s with his own series Frank Sidebottom's Fantastic Shed Show. Next year Michael Fassbender will play Frank Sidebottom in Frank, a movie inspired by the character.
Venera Minakhmetova died when she was struck by lorry at Bow Roundabout, on Wednesday. The Russian, who had been on the Cycle Superhighway 2 (CS2) just before the collision, was the fourth of five cyclists to die in London in nine days. Her sister Dina said: "If you know something, if you witnessed it, please come forward and contact police. "She also thanked people for their support following her sister's death. Ms Minakhmetova had worked at London-based Edelau and investment bank Merrill Lynch and was living in the Bethnal Green area to develop her financial services business. So far this year, 13 cyclists have been killed, eight of which have involved HGVs. The leader of Southwark Council, Peter John, has called for HGVs to be banned during rush hour to protect cyclists. Currently, the movement of HGVs are restricted in London between 21:00 and 0700 on weekdays, and between 13:00 on Saturdays through to 07:00 on Mondays. Speaking to BBC Sunday Politics London Ben Plowden, of Transport for London, said the Olympics showed it was possible to achieve a very significant change in when and how deliveries take place. "Something like a fifth of freight activity moved out of the busiest times in the day and that was because we worked closely with the boroughs and the councils, the freight industry and the supermarkets and other people to make that happen," he said. "So what that shows is you can make a big change, the question is how do you make that part of everyday life rather than a one-off thing for the Olympics?"Catherine West, head of transport on London Councils, said a balance was needed so that Londoners could get a good night's sleep. "A lot of people live on busy roads and they live above shops.  We just have to be mindful that a lorry delivery at 4am may not be great for residents," she said.
Two hundred and sixty people have already been convicted. The officer in charge of Operation Titan, Det Supt Sean Wright, appealed for anyone taking part in planned protests later this month to do so lawfully and peacefully. Operation Titan was set-up to investigate public order-related incidents since 12 July. Police released the figures at a press conference at PSNI headquarters in Belfast on Monday. ACC Will Kerr said 2013 had been a challenging year for policing. He said the last four years had seen a severe dissident republican threat, however recently there had been an upsurge in activity. In relation to the loyalist paramilitary group, the UVF, ACC Kerr said that elements of the group, particularly in east Belfast, had been involved in a range of criminal activity, however the issue of respecification was a political decision.
The bodies of Lukasz Slaboszewski, 31, Kevin Lee, 48, and John Chapman, 56, were found in ditches 10 miles (16km) apart in Newborough and Thorney. Joanna Dennehy, 31, of Bifield, Orton Goldhay, Peterborough, pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey earlier. The bodies of the victims were found in March and April.  All three had been stabbed. Dennehy admitting killing Mr Slaboszewski between 19 and 29 March.  He had been stabbed in the heart, post-mortem tests showed. She also pleaded guilty to murdering both Kevin Lee and John Chapman on 29 March. Mr Lee died from stab wounds to the chest, and Mr Chapman had been stabbed in the neck and chest, tests revealed. Dennehy also admitted "preventing the lawful and decent burial" of all three murder victims. She also pleaded guilty to two additional charges of attempting to murder two other men. After entering her pleas, Dennehy told the judge, Mr Justice Sweeney: "I've pleaded guilty, and that's that. "Her barrister, Nigel Lickley QC, said: "The course of the arraignment is not one we had anticipated. "Also in the dock was Gary Richards, 47, of Riseholme, Orton Goldhay, Peterborough - also known as Gary Stretch - who denied three charges of preventing the lawful burial of the bodies of Mr Slaboszewski, Mr Lee and Mr Chapman. He also denied attempting to murder the two other men. Two other defendants appeared at the hearing by videolink. Leslie Layton, 36, of Bifield, Orton Goldhay, pleaded not guilty to perverting the course of justice at an earlier hearing, while Robert Moore, 55, of Belvoir Way, Peterborough, denied assisting an offender.
Centre O'Driscoll had been a doubt because of a calf problem while fly-half Sexton limped out of the Australia defeat with a hamstring injury. Gordon D'Arcy is recalled at inside centre to resume his long-standing partnership with O'Driscoll. Conor Murray returns at scrum-half for Sunday's game while Dave Kearney gets his first start on the left wingMedia playback is not supported on this deviceKearney replaces Fergus McFadden who will be out for several weeks after fracturing a bone in his hand against the Wallabies. Sexton had been told by head coach Joe Schmidt that he had to train fully in Friday's session to warrant selection for the daunting test of hosting the world champions, who are unbeaten in 2013. The 28-year-old Racing Metro player came through that challenge, to retain his starting berth after limping out of the 32-15 Australia defeat at half-time. Former captain Brian O'Driscoll has beaten his continuing calf trouble to line up in midfield, where he will equal Ronan O'Gara's all-time Ireland caps record of 128. It will be the 34-year-old's last match against the All Blacks before retiring at the end of the season. Ireland have never beaten the All Blacks, with O'Driscoll on the losing side in 12 meetings. However, coach Schmidt insisted:  "In any two horse race, there are no certainties. "It would take an exceptional performance because the All Blacks have proven very resilient as well as being aclass side. "We have worked hard defensively and there are even more threats in the repertoire of the All Blacks than the Australians so we are going to have to be not just better, but a lot better. "New Zealand have made several changes from the team which beat England last weekend. Aaron Cruden starts instead of fly-half Dan Carter, who went off injured at Twickenham, while Cory Jane returns on the wing. Prop Tony Woodcock misses out because of injury as Charlie Faumuina, Andrew Hore, Wyatt Crockett form a refreshed front row. Ireland: R Kearney, T Bowe, B O'Driscoll, G D'Arcy, D Kearney, J Sexton, C Murray; C Healy, R Best, M Ross, D Toner, P O'Connell (cpt), P O'Mahony, S O'Brien, J Heaslip. New Zealand: I Dagg, C Jane, B Smith, M Nonu, J Savea, A Cruden, A Smith; K Read, R McCaw (cpt), S Luatua, S Whitelock, L Romano, C Faumuina, A Hore, W Crockett.
The Paris St-Germain striker scored twice against Portugal on Tuesday but Cristiano Ronaldo's hat-trick took his side through 4-2 on aggregate. Ibrahimovic, 32, said: "It was probably the last attempt to reach the World Cup with the national team for me. "A World Cup without me is nothing to watch so it is not worthwhile to wait for the World Cup. "The play-off between Sweden and Portugal, who had both finished second in their qualifying groups, had been billed as a showdown between Ibrahimovic and Ronaldo - two of the best players in the world. At the age of 32, Sweden skipper Zlatan Ibrahimovic may not have another opportunity to play in a World Cup finals. And the tournament would represent a nadir in the Paris St-Germain striker's career.  He has never scored at a finals having made two substitute appearances in 2002 and three starts in 2006. They ended up scoring all six goals between them as Portugal won 4-2 on aggregate. Former Inter Milan forward Ibrahimovic, who has played in two World Cups, scored eight times in qualifying, including the play-offs, and assisted another six goals - having a hand in 14 out of Sweden's 21 goals. He told Uefa's website: "Why did we lose? To be honest, they were better than us.  We should be proud.  We couldn't have done better than we did. "Of course, we could look back at our mistakes, but these things happen.  They punished our mistakes.  After making it 2-1 it felt like we were on a roll, our hopes grew, but unfortunately they made it 2-2 soon afterwards. "Real Madrid forward Ronaldo, who has scored 34 goals in 24 games this season for club and country, said: "I just did my job, as I have been doing lately.  I always try to give my best - that is always my goal. "He is now Portugal's joint-top scorer, along with retired former Paris St-Germain striker Pauleta on 47. "It was not a priority for me to break Pauleta's record," the 28-year-old said.  "I knew Portugal needed me and I stuck to the task at hand.  Now we have some time to rest and to do our best for our clubs before starting to think about the World Cup finals.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe substitute headed in a Cristiano Ronaldo cross after it appeared Clint Dempsey had sent the Americans through. Portugal took an early lead through Nani, but Jermaine Jones' superb strike levelled the scores just after an hour. A draw between Germany and USA will see both through, while Portugal must beat Ghana to have a chance of progressing. Portugal are relying on a Germany win and must also achieve a six-goal swing if they are to pip the USA to second place and reach the last 16. Realistically, they had needed to win in the Amazonian rainforest after a 4-0 thrashing by Germany in their opening game, but their performance was at least a marked improvement on that showing in Salvador. Media playback is not supported on this deviceFor the USA - who had opened with a late win over Ghana - this was a performance characterised by attacking verve and defensive slackness, the latter allowing the European side to race into a fifth-minute lead, and also to hit back with the final whistle seconds away. Their first defensive lapse came when Geoff Cameron sliced an attempted clearance across the face of his goal to Nani, the Manchester United winger finishing emphatically past Everton keeper Tim Howard. The early goal stung the Americans into action, and they chased the game to create decent chances from which Clint Dempsey and Michael Bradley failed to test Portugal keeper Beto. But while Portugal looked vulnerable to the USA's rapid counter-attacks, they remained a threat going forward themselves and went close to doubling their lead just before the break when Nani struck the post from outside the area, and Eder's follow-up was brilliantly pushed over by Howard. "Michael Bradley, one of our most experienced players, loses it which gives Cristiano Ronaldo the chance. "Now USA are in a dangerous position, and it could come down to goal difference against Ghana - who look a better side than Portugal on this evidence. "Ronaldo's participation had been in some doubt following a bout of tendonitis in his left knee, and while the World Player of the Year looked good when supplying his team mates, his finishing was wayward. Ten minutes into the second half, Bradley should have equalised, but the midfielder's side-footed shot from close range was superbly cleared off the line by Ricardo Costa. The miss was soon forgotten, though, when Jones side-stepped Nani before bending in a brilliant shot from outside the box beyond the static Beto. With less than 10 minutes to go, Dempsey stooped to guide the ball in off his midriff from close range for what looked to be the winner, until the defence switched off again in the 94th minute and Varela dived to meet Ronaldo's cross and claim what might still turn out to be a crucial point. USA coach Jurgen Klinsmann: "When you concede in the last second it is unfortunate, but it was an amazing game from us - I can't ask for any more.  Now we have to get a result against Germany and that is what we are going to do. "We will take even more confidence into the next game.  It will be another final but that is what the World Cup is about. "Germany played yesterday and so have more time to recover.  We played in the Amazon and they haven't had to travel much.  Everything has been made easy for the favourites, whereas we have to struggle to go through, but that is what we will do. "Portugal manager Paulo Bento: "It's clearly not a good result for us.  The 2-2 doesn't put us out of the World Cup mathematically, but it does leave us in a very difficult situation. "Not just because of what we'll need to do against Ghana, but also because we'll need a favourable result from the Germany-United States game. "We were unlucky late in the first half, but it was a great effort to level the match (in second-half stoppage time). "Now all we can do is to give everything in our very last game and try and make the most of the very little chance that we have left.
"I have been smoking three or four joints a day since I was 13," he says. "But last year I decided to grow my own cannabis because the quality of the marijuana at the boca (hotspots where illegal drugs are sold) is too low, or it comes mixed with hard and dangerous drugs, like cocaine paste," he says. Every morning Cristian checks his plants have the appropriate amount of light, fertiliser and insecticide. But above all, he always makes sure they are well hidden from the police and out of the neighbours' sight. For decades, smoking cannabis has been legal in this South American country. Seeing a group of youngsters sharing a joint in the park has become a familiar scene, but growing and buying the drug have remained illegal. But that is about to change. Uruguay is set to become the first nation in the world to regulate the production, sale and consumption of cannabis after a new law was passed by the country's senate on Tuesday. Once the president signs the bill, the state will control the production and sale of cannabis. For Cristian, this will mean that instead of hiding his plants from the police, the authorities will supervise them to make sure he complies with the new rules. A central body, the National Institute for Cannabis Regulation, will provide those who want to grow marijuana with seeds and ensure that their crop does not exceed the legal limit of 480g (1lb 1oz) per year. Cristian welcomes the change. "I think it was about time that cannabis became legal.  Police should worry about fighting crime and drug trafficking, not me," he says. The man behind the law is 78-year-old former guerrilla fighter turned President Jose Mujica. The president says he opposes drug consumption but wants to take the multi-million-dollar cannabis business away from the drug cartels. "This won't be a weed-for-all country," Mr Mujica assured critics. Under the new law, buyers will have to officially register - something only residents can do, not tourists. There will also be a strict 40g/month limit on those who grow the drug or buy it at licensed pharmacies. "What I am doing is offering consumers a legal amount," President Mujica explains. The bill goes several steps further than existing legislation in the Netherlands, where growing cannabis is not legal, although the authorities turn a blind eye to those who grow some plants at home. It bears some similarities to drug laws in the US states of Colorado and Washington, where the sale of cannabis for medicinal or recreational use was made legal in 2012. But Uruguay is the first nation state to regulate the production, distribution and sale of the drug. The country, which has a population of fewer than 3. 5 million people, has so far been spared much of the drug-related violence that other Latin American countries have suffered from, but officials say it is time to tackle drug gangs before they get too strong. "Last year, 82 people were killed in drug-related violence in Uruguay.  We are starting to see episodes of criminal score-settling, groups of hitmen . . .  but we are not aware of anybody who died because of marijuana consumption," explains the head of the National Drug Agency, Julio Calzada. Other Latin American countries are watching Uruguay's experiment with interest. Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina, whose country is suffering from a wave of violence blamed on drug cartels, has described his Uruguayan counterpart as "a visionary". Others view Mr Mujica's experiment with scepticism. Mexican Foreign Minister Jose Antonio Meade recently warned that "unilateral policies" would not solve the problem, and asked for a global discussion about drug policy. Uruguay's neighbour Brazil sent a delegation to Montevideo earlier this year to express its concern about the potential impact of the new law. But Mr Calzada insists Uruguay's neighbours will benefit as well as its own citizens. "Our commitment to other countries is that our legal marijuana will not end up smuggled into their territory.  This will not happen," he assures foreign sceptics. But the law is also facing criticism at home.  According to recent polls, 60% of Uruguayans oppose the bill. Congresswoman Veronica Alonso of the National Party is one of them. "This law does not solve the real problems.  If the government really wants to fight insecurity it should tackle the places where illegal drugs are sold," she told the BBC."If it is a matter of public health, then it should work to prevent the consumption of other drugs, like tobacco or alcohol," she argues. Ms Alonso fears that the law will encourage drug consumption, especially among young Uruguayans. "There will be a higher availability of marijuana and at the same time the perception of marijuana as a dangerous drug will be lower.  Therefore consumption will grow," she says. "This is going to cause us a lot of problems, especially from a social and medical point of view, and the State is not ready to face them. "Whether good or bad, the effects of the government's pioneering move are certain to be scrutinised and analysed by both opponents and supporters of cannabis legalisation not just in Uruguay but across the world.
Out Among the Stars comes out in March and features 12 tracks by the American singer, recorded for Columbia Records in 1981 and 1984. It includes duets with Cash's wife June Carter and friend Waylon Jennings. The tracks have never been made public before. They were not released at the time and the singer, who had fallen out of fashion, was later dropped by his record label. The recordings came to light only when John Carter Cash found them, gathering dust in a vault, while he was cataloguing the singer's private archive in 2012.  He found hundreds of reels of unreleased live and studio recordings in the vault, including duets with Bob Dylan. It is the fourth posthumous album released since Johnny Cash died in 2003, aged 71. Speaking to the BBC, Carter Cash said: "There is more music to be released that is unheard, there are some great recordings. "But we don't want to release something unless it means something. "It has to be in line with what we believe my father would have wanted released". The unreleased recordings will bolster what is already a lucrative business for the Cash estate.  In 2009, he sold more than three million records, reportedly earning more than $8m (Â£4. 9m). But Carter Cash maintained "the world would be a darker place" if the music was not released and it was "worth doing" if fans around the world wanted to hear it. "Do you want to see another Picasso if there's one that nobody has ever seen before?" he asked.  "I would say that probably the world would want to see another Picasso.  And it's really the same thing.  This is a work of art. "To date, Johnny Cash sold more than 90 million records.  He is best known for songs including Ring of Fire and I Walk the Line and famously performed for inmates in American prisons. "He would sing the songs for the underdogs," said Carter Cash.  "He would reach out to people that no one else would reach out to.
That would be Britain's best medal haul at a Winter Games since winning a gold, silver and bronze in Germany in 1936. And the funding body predicts there could be as many as seven medals - beating GB's best ever tally of four from Chamonix in 1924.  At least two Paralympic medals are also expected. Team GB boss Mike Hay said: "We view the target as a vote of confidence. "Britain won only one medal at each of the past two Winter Olympics, with Amy Williams's skeleton gold in Vancouver four years ago the country's first solo gold at a Winter Games for 30 years. The best chances of podium finishes in Sochi lie with World Cup leader Lizzy Yarnold and world champion Shelley Rudman in skeleton, freestyle skier James Woods in the new Olympic event of slopestyle and the women's curling team. Speed skater Elise Christie is also a medal contender, while Eve Muirhead's curling rink are the current world champions and picked up silver medals at the European Championships in November. Visually-impaired skiers Kelly Gallagher and Jade Etherington will be hoping to come away with Britain's first-ever gold medals at the Paralympic Games while the wheelchair curlers will bid to better the silver they won in Turin in 2006. Liz Nicholl, the chief executive of UK Sport, said: "If achieved, this would demonstrate the fantastic momentum created by London 2012, where additional investment and focus on developing our high-performance system has benefited summer and winter sports alike. "Over the past four years, UK Sport has granted more than £14m of support and believes its backing can enable athletes to record Britain's best combined Olympic and Paralympic performance in 20 years. "UK Sport's record investment of funds and expertise has enabled more sports to develop and deliver world-class programmes," said Simon Timson, director of performance at UK Sport. "During my 24 years involved in winter sport, I cannot remember a time when Great Britain has had so many talented athletes so well prepared. ""In many ways, the target is indicative of just how far winter sport has progressed in the UK."It is reflection of the growth we are seeing in competitive strength and depth across many of our winter sports.
Rooney, 28, is considering an offer that would make him the highest paid player in United's history. The England striker is in the final 18 months of his £250,000-a-week contract and Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho remains interested in signing him. United and Rooney hope to conclude contract talks in the coming week. Rooney, who joined United from Everton in August 2004, is the fourth-highest goalscorer in United history. However, according to former United manager Sir Alex Ferguson, Rooney asked for a transfer towards the end of last season. He was linked with a move to Chelsea last summer and the Blues had a bid rejected by United. Rooney scored 11 goals in 24 games for United this season before being sidelined by an injury which has kept him out since 1 January.
The French authorities say the Airbus A310, which set off from the Yemeni capital, should not have been allowed to fly, the AFP news agency reports. Most of the 152 people killed in the crash were French citizens visiting relatives in the Comoros. There was just one survivor - a teenage girl who was rescued from the sea. Many of the passengers were travelling to the Comoros, but had begun their journey in Paris or Marseille on another jet operated by the national airline of Yemen, before boarding flight IY626 in Sanaa. An association of the victims' families, AFVCA, has welcomed the charge. "It's a great relief for the families of the victims who have waited four and a half years," a spokesman for the association told the BBC."Now the company will finally be forced to face up to its responsibilities. "Yemenia has previously said that bad weather - strong winds and high seas - was the more likely cause of the crash. The carrier is not included on the current European Union list of banned airlines. The crash caused anger amongst the Comorian community in France as people complained that the aircraft had been in poor condition. The plane was banned from French airspace after inspectors found numerous faults in 2007, according to the then transport minister, Dominique Bussereau. Several European countries had also found a number of problems when they inspected Yemenia aircraft prior to the crash. Officials from Yemen have previously said the plane had undergone a thorough inspection and conformed to international standards.
4 February 2014 Last updated at 06:29 GMTMost students will learn European languages like French, German or Spanish - but Nel visited a school where students are learning the Chinese language Mandarin. More than a billion people speak Mandarin in the world. The Prime Minister believes learning the Chinese language will help Britain do more business with China.
Sergei Glazyev said the US was spending $20m (Â£12. 3m; 14. 8m euros) a week on Ukrainian opposition groups, supplying "rebels" with arms among other things. Accusing the US of ignoring the Memorandum on Security Assurances, he suggested Moscow could also intervene. The American embassy in Kiev declined to comment on his accusations. 21 November 2013: Ukraine announces it will not sign a deal aimed at strengthening ties with the EU, sparking protests17 December: Russia agrees to buy $15bn of Ukrainian government bonds and slash the price of gas it sells to the country16 January 2014: Parliament passes law restricting the right to protest22 January: Two protesters die from bullet wounds during clashes with police in Kiev; protests spread across many cities25 January: President Yanukovych offers senior jobs to the opposition, including that of prime minister, but these are rejected28 January: Parliament votes to annul protest law and President Yanukovych accepts resignation of PM and cabinet29 January: Parliament passes amnesty law for detained protesters, under the condition occupied buildings are vacatedUkraine's protest leadersQ&A: Stand-off in UkraineUkrainian President Viktor Yanukovych is due to meet Mr Putin on Friday in Sochi, on the opening day of the Winter Olympic Games there. He held talks in Kiev with US Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland on Thursday, at which he said he favoured dialogue and compromise with the opposition. Meanwhile, an audio recording has been posted online, which is purported to be a hacked phone conversation between Ms Nuland and US Ambassador Geoffrey Pyatt, in which the female speaker dismisses EU efforts to resolve the crisis, using an expletive. The two speakers also discuss frankly the merits of the three main Ukrainian opposition leaders in the conversation.  The US embassy declined to comment on the tape. Thousands of Ukrainian opposition activists, some carrying shields and baseball bats, marched from their camp on Independence Square in the capital Kiev to parliament in a show of force on Thursday. They came close to government supporters who are camped next to parliament behind barricades manned by hundreds of police, but the march passed off peacefully. In another development, a man received a serious hand injury when he reportedly opened a letter bomb inside one of the buildings occupied by protesters in Kiev, Trade Union House.  He was rushed to hospital, police confirmed. Mr Glazyev told Kommersant newspaper's Ukrainian edition: "According to this document [the memorandum], Russia and the US are guarantors of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and, frankly speaking, they are obliged to intervene when conflict situations of this kind arise. "The memorandum, which also involved the UK, was signed after Ukraine gave up its claim to any part of the Soviet nuclear arsenal after the dissolution of the USSR.Mr Glazyev, who is widely regarded as Mr Putin's chief adviser on Ukraine, gave a wide-ranging interview to Kommersant. He warned that if the opposition did not end its occupation of Independence Square, which is now into its fourth month, President Yanukovych might have no choice but to use force. "In a situation when the authorities encounter a coup attempt, they simply have no choice [but to use force]," he said.  "Otherwise the country will be plunged into chaos. "Accusing the Americans of "interfering flagrantly and unilaterally in the internal affairs of Ukraine", he said: "There is information that within the grounds of the American embassy, there is training for fighters, that they're arming them. "Mr Glazyev predicted the situation there would "normalise" if the US desisted from intervening. Russia itself has been widely accused of intervening in Ukraine, using its economic clout to persuade President Yanukovych and his allies to abandon closer ties with the EU in favour of Russia and other ex-Soviet states. The current stand-off in the streets began in November after President Yanukovych refused to sign a far-reaching agreement with Brussels at the last moment. It descended into violence last month after a new law to curb protests - which has since been repealed - provoked fury among the opposition. At least three protesters died in the violence, as did at least three police officers, and hundreds of people were injured. The opposition accuses the security forces of abducting and torturing activists. One of these, Dmytro Bulatov, who has been receiving medical treatment in Lithuania, told reporters on Thursday he had been beaten, choked and interrogated in an ordeal lasting eight days. "I was telling them lies just to stop the torture," said Mr Bulatov, 35.  "At one point I asked them to kill me because I couldn't stand it anymore.
The operation foiled a plan to smuggle drugs and weapons from South America to the port of Gioia Tauro in Calabria, officials said. The raids targeted two mafia crime families, the Gambino of New York and the Ndrangheta from Calabria. FBI agents travelled to Italy to take part in the raids. Police said the two-year investigation prevented the delivery to Italy of hundreds of kilograms of cocaine hidden in coconuts and pineapples, as well as heroin and marijuana. Gioia Tauro, the intended destination of the drugs, is one of Europe's largest shipping ports. Eight of the arrests were made in New York, and are linked with the Gambino crime family which is believed to have negotiated the deal. The other 18 people were arrested in Italy are believed to have been involved with the Ndrangheta clan.
"I can't read anymore," she told the Hollywood Reporter.  "I can't paint like I used to.  I try to watch movies, but it's quite difficult. "But these are all of the negatives," she added.  "What I can do, I do.  And I somehow get by. "The actress, 79, has age-related macular degeneration (AMD). The condition, which affects more than 600,000 people in the UK, is the cause of more than half of the registrations for blind and partially sighted people in the country. Dame Judi first revealed her diagnosis in 2012, noting her mother had suffered from the same condition. But even before her eyesight began to decline, the Oscar-winner said she preferred to have scripts read aloud to her, as Steve Coogan did for the Oscar-nominated Philomena. "I suppose it's the child in me," she said.  "I think somebody coming around and telling you a story is irresistible. "The actress said she had no plans to step away from the stage or the camera, calling retirement "the rudest word in my dictionary". "And 'old' is another one.  I don't allow that in my house.  And being called 'vintage'.  I don't want any of those old words. "I like 'enthusiastic' and I like the word 'cut' because that means you've finished the shot. "Dame Judi made her professional acting debut at the Old Vic in 1957 and was an acclaimed stage and TV actress before being cast as M in the rejuvenated James Bond franchise in 1995. Two years later, she appeared as Queen Victoria in the TV drama Mrs Brown, which was picked up by film studio Miramax and became a global box office hit. The film kick-started her Hollywood career, and the relationship with Miramax boss Harvey Weinstein brought Dame Judi her only Oscar to date, for an eight-minute cameo as Queen Elizabeth in the 1998 movie Shakespeare in Love. She has since received Academy nominations for roles in Chocolat, Iris, Mrs Henderson Presents, Notes on a Scandal and, this year, for Philomena. She is currently in India filming The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel 2, but her best-known role continues to be James Bond's boss. But, after playing a pivotal role alongside Daniel Craig in Skyfall in 2012, the actress left the part behind, bequeathing it to Ralph Fiennes. "My role as M is over," she told The Hollywood Reporter, "but having had 17 years I think, probably, I would have been given the sack by MI6 already.  So it's someone else's turn. "On a lighter note, the star also revealed that she had, on more than one occasion, brought her pet goldfish back to life. "I've given the breath of life to [him] twice," she said. "He's now about 8 inches long - almost a full shark - and yes, twice, I breathed into his mouth.  He's now called Lazarus.
Monitor said the probe into the Christie NHS Foundation Trust was over concerns about governance and was not over allegations relating to suspended chief executive Caroline Shaw. Chairman Lord Bradley announced he was resigning from the trust on Friday. The Christie Hospital said in a statement: "There will be no further comment or interviews. "Monitor said it was examining whether the trust had breached its licence to provide healthcare services by failing "the principles of good governance". It said there were concerns the board of the trust had "not adhered to the required corporate governance standards". John Leech, Liberal Democrat MP for Manchester Withington, described the management situation at the hospital as "a mess" following Lord Bradley's resignation. Lord Bradley said he would leave the trust as soon as a replacement could be found. Ms Shaw was suspended in November as part of a disciplinary investigation. Monitor said it will announce the outcome of its regulatory investigation "in due course". The Christie in Withington said it is the largest cancer centre in Europe and treats more than 40,000 patients a year.
18 March 2014 Last updated at 09:22 GMTRichard Blake-Smith and his partner Anna beat Vytautas Kirkliauskas of Lithuania, carrying his wife, Neringa Kirliauskiene. Rich said: "We put in a whole week's work, running around the athletics track near where we live - and it's paid off""We were pushed hard, especially by the Lithuanians there. "Competitors must tackle a 380-metre course, hurdling over haystacks, scrabbling up a steep slope, and dodging water pistols. You don't need to be married to take part. The race saw all combinations of competitors - men carrying women, men carrying men and one woman carrying a woman. Rich and Anna will now compete at the World Championships in Finland in July.
The Manx rider, 24, finished 22nd on the final time trial to top the general classification by 12 seconds ahead of his Team Sky team-mate Dario Cataldo. Cataldo won the final day's 10km individual time trial to make it a one-two for the British team. It's like being in dreamland.  To win four out of five stages is not a common thing to do but the team was super strong this raceThe victory is the Isle of Man cyclist's first stage-race triumph of his professional career. He later said on Twitter: "Was a nervous time trial yesterday with my tri bars coming loose but nice to finally finish it off and also have Dario on the podium with me. "The British team dominated the race after Isle of Man-based Ben Swift won the opening stage on Thursday before a quartet of Team Sky riders won the afternoon's time trial. Kennaugh recorded the first stage win of his career on Friday and the Manxman did not relinquish the leader's jersey. Team Sky director Dan Frost said: "It was a perfect end to a perfect week for us. "It's like being in dreamland.  To win four out of five stages is not a common thing to do but the team was super strong this race. "Now having Dario win the trial and to move up to make it a one-two overall is also a really nice result.  We won the points jersey with Swifty, the team classification and it was really nice to see Pete take the overall. "It is great for morale going forwards.
"Rodrigo was nurturing the dream of being a professional footballer.  He had been born with a real talent and everyone in his family and his community knew that he was really good at football. "The teenage boy described by outreach worker Antonio Carlos da Silva could be any of Brazil's football-mad youngsters. But Rodrigo Kelton had not just stood out in training sessions.  At only 14, he had already overcome great odds to make it to that age alive. Rodrigo was one of the thousands of children born into hardship in the north-eastern state of Ceara, where according to official figures more than 133,000 people live on less than 70 reais ($30; Â£18. 50) a month. Born into deep poverty and drug addiction, Rodrigo was driven by severe social problems into a perilous existence on the streets of the state capital, Fortaleza. But according to Mr Silva, the outreach worker who first met Rodrigo living on the streets and persuaded him to move into a shelter in 2009, he was on the brink of turning his life around. "He was hoping to turn professional, so that he could help his mother get treatment for her drug addiction and buy her a house," Mr Silva recalls. Part of what helped him was being part of the Brazilian team competing in the Street Child World Cup, a global tournament that puts the spotlight on issues affecting street children. The tournament currently under way in Rio is the second such event to be held uniting teams of street children from 19 countries, four years after the inaugural competition in Durban. Bernardo Rosemeyer is the founder of O Pequeno Nazareno, a non-governmental organisation which runs the shelter into which Rodrigo moved aged nine.  He says the prospect of competing in the Street Child World Cup instilled discipline in Rodrigo's life. "He had stopped taking drugs and was going to school as part of the conditions to play in the tournament," Mr Rosemeyer explains.  "Being in the team was a light in his life.  He was even getting on better with his mother who came to all the training sessions. "But what happened to Team Brazil's best striker shortly before he was due to take part in the Cup reflects the bitter reality of children at the bottom of Brazil's society. In February, Rodrigo decided to move back to the favela, or shanty town, where his family lived. He liked a girl there and dismissed warnings by social workers about the risks of returning to the dangerous neighbourhood. As he left his home on the day of his 14th birthday with his older brother Raphael, the brothers were shot at by members of a drug gang in retaliation for an alleged robbery several years before. Rodrigo was killed and Raphael only survived because the gun had jammed. The news hit his team mates hard. "I told the players about his death when we all met up to take the bus to the training session," recalls Mr Silva. "At first, they did not believe me and thought I was lying.  Then they all began to cry and to think about their strategies for survival in the communities where they live. "At Rodrigo's funeral, it was his team mates who carried his coffin. On the day before their first match, they gathered in a small chapel to remember the teenager who could not make the journey with them from the streets of Fortaleza to Rio to represent their country. Goalkeeper Pedro Levi, a 15-year-old who also lived on the streets of Fortaleza before moving into a shelter, says Rodrigo has left a gaping hole in the team: "He was a great player.  The best thing about him was his leadership, he would bring the whole team together. Pedro says the team is determined to bring the trophy home "for Rodrigo". Before their first match against Egypt, the players observed a minute's silence in Rodrigo's honour.  Team mate Diego Rocha, 14, held a portrait of Rodrigo as Rio's Archbishop, Dom Orani Tempesta, and a former captain of Brazil's national team, Gilberto Silva, watched. Rodrigo's team went on to beat Egypt 4-0.  But their victory felt bittersweet.  "We dedicate this match to the memory of Rodrigo," Diego said. The team is determined that Rodrigo will not be forgotten and plan to keep displaying his portrait as they progress through the tournament to Sunday's final. But the reality for Brazil's 23,000 street children is anything but rosy.  Gang and drug violence remain endemic in poor communities. In Rodrigo's home state of Ceara alone, there were 4,462 murders in 2013. Murders of street children routinely go unpunished and there has been no investigation into Rodrigo's death. Team mate Vinicius Marcos, 14, knows any of the 300 children believed to live on the streets of Fortaleza could easily run the same fate as Rodrigo. So his hope for his former team mate is a simple one: "I hope God has him in a good place.
Yet the sophisticated image of the Grand National is far removed from the images in newspapers the day after of women falling over, or with underwear showing after being caught by gusts of wind. It is something that Liverpool women academics, stylists and commentators are tired of, and the fight back has begun. Liverpool fashion student Hannah Ramsay, who now lives in London, said that people there regard her accent as something "hysterically funny". She wrote a paper on the north-south fashion divide as part of her degree course. "I think the gap is closing between the north and the south in terms of fashion," she said.  "There are always going to be people who want to do Liverpool down and resort to stereotypes no matter what we do, there are people who want to rip it to shreds. "She said she will not go to Ladies' Day as she does not want to judge other people subconsciously. "People in Liverpool do want to look good and not adhere to the norm," she added. Gemma Ahearne, a sociology and criminology lecturer and PhD student, said the negative coverage is part of the "vilification of the working classes", who are "not regarded as being worthy of being at the races". She used Aintree as a case study when she examined how the media portrays women and she believes it targets women and defines them as "Chavs" who are held up as "defective" and to be mocked. Ms Ahearne said: "I don't go to the National as it's cruel to the horses, but I have friends who go and hate how women are treated and portrayed as caricatures," she said. She believes the media are "misogynistic and disapproving of women who are hyper-confident, and such coverage aims to regulate their behaviour". "The comments below the line on these articles are disgusting and you get a differentiation at Cheltenham and Ascot, where the language and semantics talks of fashionable fillies," she added. Jennina O'Neill, manager of the Met Quarter shopping district in Liverpool, said it was disappointing the press focus on the same stereotypes year after year. She said: "It's important to celebrate individuality, but the focus should be on style, it would be nice to see more stories showcasing some of the great looks at the races. "Interestingly, she does not believe it has a major impact on the city as she said "every city has to deal with certain stereotypes. "She agreed that women in Merseyside take pride in their appearance, but said there were lots of different looks in the city.  "One thing we notice from our shoppers is the appetite for individuality", she added. Andy Heath, the deputy managing director of Merseyrail, said they had seen a marked change in the behaviour of racegoers - for the better - over the last four or five years. "There is a well-trodden stereotype of Ladies' Day that people turn up in their finery and stagger out at the end of the day," Mr Heath said. Merseyside Police Supt Paul Wilson said anti-social behaviour would not be tolerated and he asked people to treat the area with respect. Last year, there were just 16 arrests during the three-day festival - five on Ladies' Day.  None were women, the force said. Merseyrail has introduced bylaws that prevent people who are extremely intoxicated travelling.  Music is played and coffee sold in pop-up stores to create a good atmosphere. Over the three days, Mr Heath said the rail company transports 100,000 people - half on Saturday and 30,000 on Ladies' Day.  Trains double in frequency to every seven minutes and 12,000 flip-flops are handed out. The flip-flop giveaway also prevents escalator accidents at Liverpool stations, Mr Heath added. While not denying that people may indulge too much, he said they were "a very small minority. " "You don't get this sort of publicity at other events such as York or Ascot," he added.  "It's a very jaundiced and unfair reflection on women in Liverpool.
The European Commission says it is Europe's most comprehensive study so far of bee colony deaths. Winter mortality was especially high for bees in Belgium (33. 6%) and the UK (29%) in 2012-13.  But in spring-summer 2013 France was highest with 13. 6%. Bumblebees and other wild bees were not studied, nor were pesticide impacts. The study, called Epilobee, described 10% as an acceptable threshold for bee colony mortality - and Greece, Italy and Spain were among the countries with rates below that threshold. The mortality percentages are national estimates based on representative samples.  All 17 countries applied the same data collection standards, the report says. The survey covered almost 32,000 bee colonies. But there is also much concern about death rates among wild bees, which are vital pollinators too. Last year the EU introduced a ban on four chemicals called neonicotinoids which are used in pesticides. They are believed to be linked to the collapse of bee colonies across Europe, though there is a heated scientific debate over the chemicals' impact and many experts say further studies are needed. The Commission wanted pesticide impacts to be included in the Epilobee study, but it was overruled by member states' governments.
The military says all but eight of the 129 girls have escaped, but parents of the girls say many are still missing. It is thought Islamist militant group Boko Haram took the girls to forested areas near the Cameroonian border. The group is waging a bloody campaign for an Islamic state in northern Nigeria. Nigerian students living in fearWhat is Nigeria's Boko Haram?Also on Wednesday, 18 people were killed in an attack in the Gwoza district of north-eastern Nigeria, local officials told the AP news agency. The BBC's correspondent in Lagos, Will Ross, says the Nigerian military's statement that most of the girls had escaped their captors contrasts sharply with other information available to the BBC, including the claims of parents of pupils at the school.  They insist "many" of their children are still missing. The raid on the boarding school is a great source of embarrassment for the Nigerian authorities who say their military campaign against the militants is succeeding, he adds. Hours before the military issued its statement, the governor of Borno state Kashim Shettima said the vast majority of the girls were still missing and offered a reward of 50m naira ($308,000; Â£184,000) for information. The air force, army, police, local defence units and volunteers have all been involved in the search for the schoolgirls. UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon condemned the "shocking" mass abduction and called for the girls' immediate release. "The targeting of schools and schoolchildren is a grave violation of international humanitarian law," he said in a statement. "Schools are, and must remain, safe places where children can learn and grow in peace. "The BBC's Hausa Service says Boko Haram has kidnapped civilians in the past - usually women to work as sex slaves. Gunmen reportedly arrived at the school in Chibok, a remote area of Borno state, late on Tuesday, and ordered its teenage residents on to lorries. A local politician said about 50 soldiers had been stationed near the school ahead of annual exams, but were apparently overpowered. Local residents reported hearing explosions followed by gunfire. "Many girls were abducted by the rampaging gunmen who stormed the school in a convoy of vehicles," local education official Emmanuel Sam told the AFP news agency. A girl who managed to escape and did not want to be named told the BBC that she and fellow students were sleeping when armed men burst into their hostel. The girl said she and her schoolmates were taken away in a convoy, which had to slow down after some of the vehicles developed a fault, at which point 10 to 15 girls escaped. "We ran into the bush and waited until daybreak before we went back home," she said. Nigerian media reported that two members of the security forces had been killed, and residents said 170 houses were burnt down during the attack. The militants know the terrain well and the military has had only limited success in previous efforts to dislodge them from their forest hide-outs. Militants from Boko Haram - which means "Western education is forbidden" in the local Hausa language - frequently target educational institutions. This year, the group's fighters have killed more than 1,500 civilians in three states in north-east Nigeria, which are currently under emergency rule. The government recently said that Boko Haram's activities were confined to that part of the country.  However, bombings blamed on the group killed more than 70 people in the capital city of Abuja on Monday.
Michael McConville told the BBC he took Mr Adams' remarks "as a threat". Asked about Mr McConville's allegation, Mr Adams said: "I didn't say that. "He was released without charge on Sunday after being questioned for four days about the 1972 killing. The Sinn Féin president claimed there was a "sustained, malicious, untruthful campaign" against him. It is believed police had wanted to charge Mr Adams with IRA membership. It is likely that police would have considered such a charge before he was released on Sunday night, but did not have sufficient evidence for a reasonable prospect of prosecution. Jean McConville, a 37-year-old widow and mother-of-10, was abducted from her Belfast home, shot and secretly buried.  Her body was found on a beach in County Louth in 2003. She was kidnapped from her home in Divis Flats in west Belfast in front of her children after being wrongly accused of being an informer for the British Army. Her son Michael said his family would fight "to the bitter end" for justice. He said he had met Mr Adams around the time that the then Northern Ireland Police Ombudsman Nuala O'Loan was drawing up a report that would go on to dismiss claims Mrs McConville was an informer. Mr McConville said: "Gerry Adams says to me, 'Michael, you are getting a letter of support from the republican people'. "He says 'if you release the names I hope you are ready for the backlash' - I took it as a threat. "Mr Adams denied making such a comment. "If Michael McConville wants to give names, he should do so - that's entirely his right," he said. Mr Adams, the former MP for West Belfast and current representative for County Louth in the Irish parliament, presented himself for interview by prior arrangement with detectives on Wednesday night. He was then arrested under the terrorism act for questioning about the IRA murder of Mrs McConville. BBC News understands there was insufficient evidence to charge Mr Adams with any offence. The Sinn Fein president was questioned for four days in connection with the murder of Jean McConville and membership of the IRA.He has strongly denied all those allegations. A file will be sent to the public prosecution service in Northern Ireland later this week but it is thought that unless significant new evidence comes to light, he will not face any charge. Speaking at a news conference in Belfast following his release, Mr Adams said he had contacted Northern Ireland police two months ago about the McConville case. He questioned the timing of his arrest in the middle of an election campaign and claimed they could have used discretion rather than "pernicious, coercive legislation" to deal with the matter. He again said he was innocent of any involvement in Mrs McConville's murder. He said Sinn Féin remained fully committed to the political process in Northern Ireland.  "The IRA is gone, it's finished," he said. "I want to make it clear that I support the PSNI."Northern Ireland Justice Minister David Ford said he "saw no reason" why Mr Adams' release without charge would damage confidence in the police. "With the way that Northern Ireland politics operates, there is never a good time to do anything - if it had been before Christmas it would have been the Haass talks; as soon as the election campaign is over, people would be talking about a difficult marching season," said the Alliance Party leader. "You could always produce an excuse for the police not to do their duty at any time. "The decision to release Mr Adams means that prosecution lawyers will decide if charges will be brought. The file sent by the police to the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) will detail the evidence gathered. It will be up to PPS lawyers to decide if there is enough evidence to bring any charges and what those charges would be. The test for prosecution is met if there is sufficient evidence that can be admitted in court to provide a reasonable prospect of conviction.  Lawyers must also decide if the prosecution is required in the public interest. It could take some time for police to prepare the file for the PPS, with prosecutors then taking a further period to assess whatever evidence is presented. Meanwhile,  one of Mrs McConville's daughters, Helen McKendry, has said she is hopeful that the family will raise the money to take a civil case against the Sinn Fein president for the murder of her mother. Last month, Ivor Bell, 77, a leader in the Provisional IRA in the 1970s, was charged with aiding and abetting the murder, and there have also been a number of other arrests recently. The case against Mr Bell is based on an interview he allegedly gave to researchers at Boston College in the US.The Boston College tapes are a series of candid, confessional interviews with former loyalist and republican paramilitaries, designed to be an oral history of the Troubles. One of the academics involved at the outset of the project said it had been "a car crash". Lord Bew of Queen's University, Belfast, said: "I think that one of the sad things is that, first of all most importantly, not one whit of improvement has occurred for those who have suffered during the Troubles. "Academically, there is a freeze now around all similar projects and that has to be regretted.
Cornish-born Glover was meant to be back with  winning partner Heather Stanning, butGlover, 27, won the  with Swann last season. "We had a whole year together last year so hopefully it'll click into place," she told BBC Radio Cornwall. "It's clicking into place fairly easily, we just need to get back onto the same page technically and get doing the same things. "Swann replaced Stanning last season after sheGlover and Swann won three World Cup events together last season as well as the world title in South Korea. And with a good performance in Amsterdam, Glover says there could be some tough decisions for the Great Britain selectors as to who partners her in the coxless pair for the rest of this season. She said: "It's going to be a quite interesting one with Heather coming back after taking a year out with the army and Polly staying here. "There's lots of selection things about who will be in the pair out of those two. "But I want to keep my eye on the World Championships at the end of August in Amsterdam. "It'd be great to try and hold on to our world champion title, whoever else is in the boat with me.
The program - called Vital - will vote on whether to invest in a specific company or not. The firm it will be working for - Deep Knowledge Ventures -  focuses on drugs for age-related diseases. It said that Vital would make its recommendations by sifting through large amounts of data. The algorithm looks at a range of data when making decisions - including financial information, clinical trials for particular drugs, intellectual property owned by the firm and previous funding. "On first sight, it looks like a futuristic idea but on reflection it is really a little bit of publicity hype," said Prof Noel Sharkey of the University of Sheffield. "A lot of companies use large data search to access what is happening on the market, then the board or trusted workers can decide on the advice. "With financial markets, algorithms are delegated with decisions.  The idea of the algorithm voting is a gimmick.  It is not different from the algorithm making a suggestion and the board voting on it. "According to Deep Knowledge Ventures, Vital has already approved two investment decisions. The software was developed by UK-based Aging Analytics.
Two of the songs come from the Don Quixote musical Man of La Mancha, which was a Broadway smash in the 1960s. "As far as I am concerned, Don Quixote is the most metal fictional character that I know," the Hobbit star said. "Single handed, he is trying to change the world, regardless of any personal consequences.  It is a wonderful character to sing. "The album also includes an ear-splitting version of Frank Sinatra's My Way - originally written by Paul Anka - which Lee originally released in 2006. "My Way is a very remarkable song," said the star in a YouTube preview. "It is also difficult to sing because you've got to convince people that what you're singing about is the truth. "Sir Christopher launched his singing career in the 1990s, with an album of Broadway tunes, including I Stole The Prince from Gilbert and Sullivan's The Gondoliers, and Epiphany from Sweeney Todd. In 2010, his album Charlemagne: By the Sword and the Cross, which told the story of the first Holy Roman Emperor won a Spirit of Metal Award from Metal Hammer magazine. His latest release, Metal Knight, is a collaboration with Italian symphonic metal band, Rhapsody Of Fire. "I associate heavy metal with fantasy because of the tremendous power that the music delivers," he has said. The actor is known for his numerous appearances as Dracula, as well as playing Scaramanga in The Man With The Golden Gun, Saruman in Lord Of The Rings, and Count Dooku in the Star Wars prequels. Last year, he was presented with a fellowship from the British Film Institute.
Martin made 38 appearances last season for Livi, scoring five goals, as they finished sixth, one place above Rovers. He was in his second spell with the West Lothian club, with whom he started his career. Scott went on to play for Ross County and Hibernian, who farmed him back to the Dingwall club on loan. He switched back to Livingston last summer.
The incident on 23 April involved a Russian SU-27 Flanker fighter and a US intelligence-gathering RC-135U.The US plane was flying a routine mission in international airspace over the Sea of Okhotsk, officials said. The incident came amid tension between the US and Russia over Russia's involvement in Ukraine. "The SU-27 approached the RC-135 and crossed the nose of the US aircraft," Lt Col Myles Caggins III told the BBC.The Russian aircraft manoeuvred aggressively and exposed its belly to the American pilots to demonstrate it was armed with air-to-air missiles, Defense News and CNN reported. US and Russian defence officials are said to have later discussed the incident. Earlier in April, another Russian fighter jet made repeated low-altitude passes over US Navy destroyer Donald Cook in the Black Sea. On Wednesday, US President Barack Obama condemned Russian "aggression" in Ukraine . "We will not accept Russia's occupation of Crimea or its violations of Ukraine's sovereignty," Mr Obama said in Warsaw. He and Russian President Vladimir Putin are expected to meet in France on Friday during 70th anniversary commemorations of the D-Day landings in Normandy.
The second round of group games include must-win matches for England, against Uruguay, and Spain, who face Chile, after both teams suffered defeats in their opening fixtures. Brazil and Mexico are the first teams to play their second game, on the same day as the opening fixtures in Group H. Those results are also included in Lawro's predictions. Before the tournament, Lawro picked his two teams to go through from each group and reach the knockout stage. He is backing Argentina to win the World Cup and lift the trophy at the Maracana on 13 July, and believes England will reach the quarter-finals. Lawro was speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan. Brazil 0-0 MexicoRead the match report. Cameroon 0-4 CroatiaRead the match report. Lawro's pre-tournament picks to go through: Brazil and MexicoAustralia 2-3 NetherlandsRead the match report. Spain 0-2 ChileRead the match report. Lawro's pre-tournament picks to go through: Spain and the NetherlandsColombia v Ivory Coast (19 June, 17:00 BST)Read the match report. Japan v Greece (19 June, 23:00 BST)Read the match report. Lawro's pre-tournament picks to go through: Colombia and Ivory CoastUruguay v England (19 June, 20:00 BST)Read the match report. Italy v Costa Rica (20 June, 17:00 BST)Read the match report. Lawro's pre-tournament picks to go through: England and ItalySwitzerland v France (20 June, 20:00 BST)Read the match report. Honduras v Ecuador (20 June, 23:00 BST)Read the match report. Lawro's pre-tournament picks to go through: France and SwitzerlandArgentina v Iran (21 June, 17:00 BST)Read the match report. Nigeria v Bosnia-Hercegovina  (21 June, 23:00 BST)Read the match report. Lawro's pre-tournament picks to go through: Argentina and NigeriaGermany v Ghana (21 June, 20:00 BST)Read the match report. United States v Portugal (22 June, 23:00 BST)Read the match report. Lawro's pre-tournament picks to go through: Germany and the United StatesBelgium v Russia (22 June, 17:00 BST)Read the match report. South Korea v Algeria (22 June, 20:00 BST)Read the match report.
The performance artist is spending 512 hours interacting with the public at the show, held in three completely empty rooms. Phones, cameras and even watches are banned, as Abramovic takes people by the hand and encourages them to spend time focusing on the bare white walls. "Take in the silence," she whispered to one.  "Just be present. "After half-an-hour, the gallery was filled with human statues, manoeuvred into position by the Belgrade-born artist and her team of six "guards", all clad in black. Participants closed their eyes and rocked on their heels, some assumed meditative positions, while others followed Abramovic around, hoping for a personal interaction. "I really wanted to connect with her, so I said a little prayer," said Sophie, a student sculptor from London. "Connecting with her presence was really special.  She said, 'stay here as long as you like, take deep breaths, be present'. "It was perfect, really. "Entry to the exhibition, which lasts for 10 weeks, is free but only 160 people can be admitted at a time.  Each can stay as long as they wish, with the gallery imposing a "one in - one out" policy. Abramovic herself opened the gallery doors at 10:00 BST - as she will every day - by which point there were already hundreds of acolytes and art lovers queuing in Kensington Gardens. Geraldine, an art professor from Kensington, had arrived at 06:30 BST to be amongst the first to see the performance. "It was like being at a very beautiful party where nobody talks," she told the BBC. "It may push me into doing some meditation, which is probably very good for me, so it changed my life in a very positive way. ""Just to sit and get lost in one's thoughts, I think it's very relaxing," said Andrew, a psychiatrist visiting the UK from San Francisco. "And certainly some people were crying, too, so perhaps it brings up some thoughts that one pushes down from normal life. "The show is titled 512 Hours, after the amount of time Abramovic will spend in the gallery. It is her first performance work since The Artist is Present, at the Museum of Modern Art in New York, where she sat motionless, six days a week, looking directly at whoever sat down in a chair placed opposite her. Both shows lack the startling drama of her earlier performances, including one in which she systematically stabbed her hand with knives. In another, she whipped herself, before cutting a five-point star in her stomach with a razor blade and lying on a cross made of ice. Once, she nearly died after lying in the middle of a burning cross made of petrol-soaked sawdust.  On another occasion, she allowed an audience member to hold a loaded gun to her head. Nonetheless, she told the BBC her latest show "really frightens me". "I worry about the British public," she said, adding that the public's cynicism might get in the way of creating "a pure emotional connection". "My only chance with the British public is to be vulnerable," she told Radio 4's Front Row.  "The audience is someone who completes the work. "Ahead of the show, the 67-year-old was accused of failing to acknowledge other artists who engage in the "art of nothing". Two weeks ago, a  group of US art historians curators wrote to the Serpentine, asking it to recognise the influence of Mary Ellen Carroll.  a conceptual artist who has been working on a project called "Nothing" since 2006, when she went to Argentina with only her passport. But Abramovic dismissed the accusations, telling the BBC: "There is nothing on the walls of the gallery, no work.  But I am working eight hours a day with the energy of the public. "During the first hour of the first day of her performance, Abramovic seemed to be playing a giant game of cosmic yogic chess, with the public as her pieces, positioned carefully throughout the gallery. There was something eerie about entering a room full of bodies frozen in space but, once guided into position, most of the visitors reported feeling an overwhelming sense of wellbeing. "I started seeing the sky - the clouds in the sky - in the white of the wall," said Chester, a TV producer who had skipped work to attend the opening. "It was a religious experience.  I think you'd have to sum it up as that. "Abramovic says the performance will evolve over the course of its 10-week run. "Maybe it's complete silence, maybe we all scream together, maybe we all lie on the floor. "Everything is there, in possibility.  We need the public, we need me, and we need chemistry. "512 Hours runs at the Serpentine Gallery in London until 25 August.
The second tier is shaping up to be a hugely competitive league next term with Hearts, Hibernian and Rangers among the sides chasing promotion. And Houston is hoping his new charges can grab fourth place, and a play-off berth, at least. "It's our remit that we'd love to try to get in the play-offs, that would be a huge achievement," said Houston. The 55-year-old, who had been working as a scout with Celtic after leaving Dundee United last year, is relishing the chance to take on Rangers, Hearts and Hibs. It's not always the big guys that win games.  I've been to Hearts, Hibs and Rangers before as a manager and wonThe Bairns reached the Championship play-off semi-final in season 2013-14 but were beaten by Hamilton Academical, who eventually won promotion to the Premiership. "The better chances are going to go to one of the big three clubs in the league, however, that's on paper and football is not played on paper," said Houston. "I've got to make sure that the lads I've got, when they come to face Rangers, Hearts and Hibs, there's a belief in them. "It's a great thing for the players at Falkirk to go to Ibrox, Tynecastle, Easter Road and pit themselves against what's going to be a stronger squad. "It's not always the big guys that win games.  I've been to Hearts, Hibs and Rangers before as a manager and won. "A former Falkirk player, Houston won the 2010 Scottish Cup as Dundee United boss. And after succeeding Gary Holt, who left the manager's position at the Falkirk Stadium to join Neil Adams' coaching team at Norwich City, Houston said returning to the Bairns was an offer he could not turn down. "I probably wouldn't have jumped at it if it had been any other club than Falkirk, as they mean an awful lot to me, " Houston added. "I left here 18 years ago to go to Hearts as a youth coach and I said in the local newspaper I'd like to go and learn the game then come back as manager.  I didn't think it would be as long as 18 years but I'm delighted to be back. "Houston, who said his eight month stint at Celtic had advanced him as "coach and a person", revealed he is close to securing the services of  a new player-coach for Falkirk. As well as his four-year managerial spell at Tannadice, Houston was also assistant to Craig Levein when the latter was Scotland coach.  The pair had previously worked together at Hearts, Leicester and Dundee United.
The service for friends and relatives of Steve Warren was held at Huntworth near Bridgwater. Mr Warren's sister Kay Coombes said: "He would want us to celebrate his life. "His family also met the US Coastguard in Boston earlier in the week to thank them for their efforts in the search. Ms Coombes and Mr Warren's family returned earlier this week from their trip which included visiting Cape Cod, the nearest landmass to where the yacht was reported missing. The yacht's upturned hull was found by the US Coast Guard on 23 May. There was no sign of Mr Warren or his fellow yachtsmen; Andrew Bridge, 22, from Farnham, Surrey; Paul Goslin, 56, from West Camel, Somerset and 22-year-old James Male, from Romsey, Hampshire. Speaking of the visit Ms Coombes said: "The coastguard put an awful lot of effort into this and we have since found out. . .  that this was one of the most complex cases they have dealt with. "We didn't realise that at the time and it was lovely to be able to go over there and say thank you face-to-face. "She said the memorial had been organised in accordance with her brother's wishes and would be a "very personal service". Another memorial is set to be held on Friday for Mr Goslin, in Sherborne.
Security minister James Brokenshire set out the motion, which was passed unopposed in the House of Commons on Thursday. It will now be an offence to be a member of any of the groups in the UK.Mr Brokenshire said terrorists from or connected to the conflicts in Syria and Iraq posed a threat to the UK security. The list of proscribed organisations includes ISIS, whose fighters are known to have been involved in conflicts in both countries. The four other groups to be banned are: Turkiye Halk Kurtulus Partisi-Cephesi (THKP-C); Kateeba al-Kawthar (KaK); Abdallah Azzam Brigades, including the Ziyad al-Jarrah Battalions (AAB/ZJB); and Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine - General Command (PFLP-GC). Mr Brokenshire said that Syria was the "number one destination" for jihadists anywhere in the world, and added that by banning these groups it sent a "strong message that terrorist activity is not tolerated wherever it happens". He said: "The reality is that the Syria conflict has seen a proliferation of terrorist groups with multiple aims and ideologies and little regard for international borders.  For example in the last week we have seen significantly increased violent activity in Iraq by ISIS."Downing Street said on Wednesday that 65 people had been arrested in the past 18 months for Syria-related jihadist activities. And between 2001 and the end of March 2013, 32 people were charged with proscription offences as a primary offence in the UK, of which 16 were convicted. The motion was welcomed by Keith Vaz, chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee, who said more work needed to be done with internet service providers to ensure content related to the banned organisations was taken down. He said: "We face our gravest threat in the last 13 years and the government is right to bring before the House a number of orders proscribing organisations which they feel undermine the security of this country.
The Surf Snowdonia project at a former factory site at Dolgarrog in the Conwy Valley is due to open next summer. The inland surfing lagoon will use technology called Wavegarden to drive waves up to 2m (6ft) high. Tourism Minister Edwina Hart called it an "iconic attraction for Wales" during a visit for a ground-breaking ceremony at the site. The plans include a "wave garden" with lagoons, water slide, wakeboard lake, lodges, restaurant, retail and play facilities and parking for up to 250 cars. The developers said it would create 100 construction jobs with 60 jobs on site once it opens. Announcing the funding, Ms Hart said: "This project clearly supports our strategy in creating new, perception-changing attractions. "Surf Snowdonia will add a unique facility to an existing cluster of world class activity tourism products in the north Wales region and will drive growth by attracting additional higher spending visitors. "International Surfing Association president Fernando Aguerre said the centre would be suitable for world-class contests and could pave the way for the sport to be adopted by the Olympics. He said: "Surfing no longer has geographical restrictions - venues can be built away from the coastline efficiently and sustainably. "We can now reach new surfing participants and fans who have never been to or even seen the ocean.
Aided by dancers, confetti cannons and a man in a mirrored suit, the Canadian band revived revellers' spirits with a series of arms-aloft anthems. "In a lifetime of pretty much impossible things that have happened to our band, this is the highlight," said frontman Win Butler. Earlier, every stage at the event was closed after lightning struck ground. Dance act Rudimental were escorted off the main stage mid-set, and had to abandon their planned encore - Feel The Love, with guest vocalist John Newman. "We're quite upset," musician Amir Amor told the BBC, "but we had a great time anyway". Metallica's Lars Ulrich was flying into the site by helicopter as the storm descended. "It was kind of frightening," he said. "When we landed, all the people picking us up were going, 'we didn't expect you were going to fly in this weather'. "But the pilot didn't say anything about that.  We saw the lightning up there.  I thought it was pyrotechnics for Arcade Fire. "The thunderstorm heralded a brief but torrential downpour, and the power cut took BBC coverage off the air. Music resumed on the main stage at 19:00 BST with Lily Allen, who dedicated an expletive-laden song to FIFA president Sepp Blatter. Other performers on Friday included Blondie, who proved so popular it became impossible to enter or leave The Other Stage at lunchtime, and Paolo Nutini, whose soulful ballads were a fitting soundtrack as dusk fell over Somerset. Sophie Ellis-Bextor sneaked some disco into her set at the largely-acoustic Avalon Stage, while the pulsing synthpop of Glaswegian band Chvrches made for a steamy atmosphere in the John Peel tent as fans danced off the downpour. Arcade Fire took to the stage shortly after 22:00 BST, their arrival heralded by a man dressed from head-to-toe in a mirrored suit. Bravely, considering the weather conditions, the 12-piece band were largely dressed in white, but if they were worried about laundry bills, it didn't show. They  threw themselves around the stage, thrashing and spinning as though plagued by a swarm of invisible bees, each member switching instruments between - and often during - songs. As well as guitars, they played steel drums, xylophones and even a hurdy gurdy. Frontman Win Butler made frequent excursions into the audience and, during the song Flashbulb Eyes, plucked a camera from a press photographer and carried it on stage to capture the band's performance. The set list was evenly spread across their four albums, with highlights including No Cars Go, Neighborhood #1 (Tunnels) and Rebellion (Lies). The group's recurring subject matter of suburban despair and alienation might have seemed like an odd fit for Glastonbury's peace and love ethos, but there is an optimism and belief in humanity at the core of their music. Plus, they have really catchy choruses. The band's willingness to embrace all walks of life was displayed on Friday night during the song We Exist - about a teenager whose father struggles to accept his sexuality. As the opening chords rang out, a troupe of transgender and cross-dressing dancers joined the band onstage. "Every one of us is born special and unique," said Butler.  "However you are and however you were born, you're perfect. "The feel-good atmosphere continued throughout the two-hour set - ending with a mass singalong to the band's signature song, Wake Up. Speaking to the BBC earlier in the day, the band's guitarist Richard Reed-Parry said they had enjoyed soaking up the Glastonbury atmosphere on Friday. "There's a great feeling coming in," he said. "It's a nice vibe.  There's lots of families. "It's not just about massive headlining acts.  And it's not going to be a swamp of corporate beer-swilling drunkards. "There's rain and there's mud but it's new and it doesn't smell bad yet.  It's like, 'oh, this mud smells like grass! It's spring!'"The music continues on Saturday with Jake Bugg, Pixies, Clean Bandit and Manic Street Preachers on the bill. Among those watching the action will be Hollywood star Bradley Cooper, who told the BBC: "I'm excited to see Metallica and I want to see Jack White and Lana Del Rey. "Asked if he was put off by the weather, the Hangover star replied: "I love it.  I do! But I'm a dumb American - you expect it.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceFormer world player of the year Messi, 27, has inspired Argentina in Brazil. The Barcelona forward has scored in all three games and is one goal shy of Maradona's 1986 five-goal haul, but Mehmedi says it is not all about Messi. "With all due respect for his qualities and class, I think too much is talked about just Messi," said Mehmedi, 23. Media playback is not supported on this device"He is exceptional, no question, but that is not all, he has very good players around him.  We will not neglect the preparation nor in the game itself," the Freiburg striker said ahead of their last-16 clash. Argentina are unbeaten in their six previous games against Switzerland but Mehmedi says his side are not heading into the game at Corinthians Arena just to make up the numbers against one of the pre-tournament favourites. "Swap jerseys with Messi? I'm not here as a tourist," he said.  "Switzerland is in the second round of a World Cup. "Mehmedi knows if his side can defeat Argentina in Sao Paulo they will cause one of the biggest shocks of the 2014 tournament in Brazil. "I know the quality and potential of this team," he continued. "If we defeat Argentina, we write a piece of World Cup history and many people in Switzerland will be proud of the team. "I even think such success would see the world take notice, but we are not naive. "It will take an absolutely top performance of each one of us.  And I assure you, everyone will do everything we can to provide these and tearing for Switzerland.
The Oscar-winning actress is specifically backing a project aimed at securing the future of Nower Wood, as an "outdoor classroom" for generations. The ancient woodland, in Leatherhead, serves as a wildlife and environmental education site for pupils from primary to A-Level age. A fundraising drive aims to raise Â£470,000 to rebuild dilapidated classrooms. Dame Judi said: "As a local Surrey resident with a love of wildlife, I'm delighted to be supporting Surrey Wildlife Trust and its Nower Wood New Build Project. "I also recognise the importance of outdoor education and the need to inspire the next generation about wildlife and conservation.
The 57-year-old took over at Elland Road in April and is currently with the players on their pre-season tour of his native Italy. "Next season I do not want one single player who lives outside of Leeds, no way.  That is mandatory. "Last year there were players who were coming late to games," Cellino told BBC Radio Leeds. Cellino added that next season before a home game the players will stay together, have dinner together and go to games together. "It is important to do this because the players must be able to sleep well the day before a game and maybe they cannot do that if they have small children or if their neighbour is having a party," he said. "I found out that most of the games that are close to Leeds we go to by bus, but we don't have our own.  Why not? I would love to have a Leeds bus and I am going to buy one. "Cellino is confident the club are close to bringing in more new signings following the £11m departure of striker Ross McCormack to Fulham. The Championship side have brought in two players so far this summer, goalkeepers Stuart Taylor and Marco Silvestri. Midfielder Tommasso Bianchi and defender Jonathan Rossini, both of Serie A club Sassuolo, are currently training with the team, while Catania striker Souleymane Doukara is also expected to join. Leeds announced losses of £9. 5m for the 2012-13 financial year and Cellino said the club had to "stop wasting money that isn't ours" when he took over. Cellino, who claims that the club is now debt free, is now targeting a buyout of the 25% of the club still in the hands of previous owners GFH Capital as well as buying back Elland Road. "There is no debt anymore and we have found a deal with GFH and I am glad for that," he added. "We are close to raising £30m of capital and that is without the money we got for McCormack.  We did not budget for his sale because we did not want him to go. "The decision to buy back the stadium had been made before Ross was sold but now we can use that money for the deal.  We want to take back our house.
The former Hearts captain recently left Leeds, having moved to Elland Road last summer despite a trial at Rangers. "I'm excited to come here from Leeds and on the first day it felt like it was the right decision," Zaliukas told the club's website. "It's a brilliant stadium and it's going to be fun to play here. "Zaliukas played more than 200 times for Hearts over seven years, but made just 15 appearances for Leeds last term. His first competitive match for Rangers could be against Hibs in the Challenge Cup on 5 August. The Ibrox outfit's first Scottish Championship fixture of the campaign is against Hearts at Ibrox on 10 August. "I think the Championship is going to be a very interesting league because Hearts and Hibs are in here, and even Falkirk and Queen of the South are going to be tough teams," the 30-year-old added. "I think our squad could compete straight away in the Premiership, everyone is experienced and top players.  I think we are going to have a very good squad. "Rangers have also added former St Mirren defender Darren McGregor to their ranks this summer.
First Minister Alex Salmond confirmed the project will receive an award of £2. 2m. The government has a target for the equivalent of 100% of Scotland's electricity consumption to come from renewable sources by 2020. Environmental charity WWF Scotland welcomed the news saying it would bring extra jobs as well as cheaper energy. The funding will go to The Carbon Trust's Offshore Wind Accelerator (OWA) programme, a joint industry and government scheme, which brings together nine offshore wind developers with over 72% (31GW) of the UK's licensed capacity. The OWA will receive £200,000 in 2014/15 and £2m in 2015/16. Funding will be used to encourage wind developers to work together to try and meet cost reduction targets and also to commercialise offshore wind turbines for Scottish waters. The first minister said that renewable energy was "extremely valuable" to the Scottish economy and investment in renewable energy would make sure the country could comfortably meet its energy demands. He added: "Scotland is admired around the world for our work in renewable energy and in 2013 we set a new record for renewables generation, emphasising our commitment. "The Scottish government's target is to generate the equivalent of 100% of Scotland's gross annual electricity consumption from renewable sources by 2020, as part of a wider, balanced, energy mix, and we are already nearly half way there. "Renewable energy is extremely valuable to Scotland's economy, to reducing our carbon emissions and in providing low carbon energy supplies as well as jobs and long term investment. "The Carbon Trust's Chief Executive Tom Delay added: "We are delighted to be working with the Scottish government to drive further cost reductions in the offshore wind industry. "The sector has huge potential to generate low carbon power and create economic value.  Key to that success will be driving costs down through innovation and doing this quickly. "The OWA and this new injection of funding will be key to help meet this cost reduction challenge. "News of the funding was also welcomed by environmental protection charity WWF Scotland.  The group's climate and energy policy officer Gina Hanrahan said: "It's great to see the Scottish Government supporting projects to help lower the costs of offshore wind. "Studies estimate that Scotland's offshore wind industry could create 28,000 jobs by 2020 and contribute over £7bn of investment to the economy. She concluded: "By driving innovation and promoting collaboration, initiatives like the Accelerator Programme will help to ensure that we make the most of the economic and environmental benefits of offshore wind.
Having first conducted there in 1971, and regularly since, he is back in 2014 to launch the musical festivities with a First Night performance of Elgar's The Kingdom. Sir Andrew, who turned 70 in February, is one of four of this year's British Proms conductors celebrating significant birthdays. Sir Neville Marriner - who last conducted a Prom in 1997 -  is 90, while Sir Roger Norrington is 80 and Donald Runnicles turns 60 in November. After 11 years with the BBC Symphony Orchestra, Sir Andrew became music director and principal conductor of Lyric Opera of Chicago in 2000.  In 2013 he also became chief conductor of the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra. He returns to the Albert Hall on 19 August when the Melbourne orchestra makes its Proms debut with Strauss's Don Jon, Elgar's Cello Concerto and Symphonie fantastique by Berlioz. We spoke to Sir Andrew during rehearsals for Friday's  opening performance. There's a devotional sense about it, but it's very human at the same time. I find the ending one of the most deeply moving things in music.  It is serene but also joyous and exultant at times. It's not a riotous piece to get everybody on their feet, but it's a wonderful statement and the music is Elgar at his greatest. I'm sure all the Elgar fans are going to be delighted because it doesn't get performed that often. Oh yes, absolutely.  The Albert Hall is still my most preferred concert hall in London.  I love the atmosphere there. I can't wait to hear what the Prommers think of them. The Symphonie fantastique is one of the most remarkable pieces.  I always think it occupies a similar place in musical history to that occupied by The Rite of Spring.  They were both revolutionary in their way. I remember hearing a performance of Elgar's The Dream of Gerontius that made a deep impression on me. I earned money from a paper round and I saved up and bought a record player. The first record I bought was The Dream of Gerontius.   It was on two LPs, but I just bought the first one because I couldn't afford the second. When we performed it in Berlin and I told them this story and said that if it appeared that I knew part one better than part two - that's the reason. I don't know that they have - it's still the greatest music festival in the world. I used to come up on the Metropolitan Line and Prom myself in the arena in my teens. I suppose there's more variety of music now - there's jazz and world music, although there was always a lot of contemporary music - even in the old days. It's always been an adventurous kind of programme that is all things to all music lovers. Neville and I go back a long way.  I was an organ scholar at Cambridge from 1963-67 and with the choir we used to do a lot of recording with [Marriner's] Academy of St Martin in the Fields. When he got his Knighthood I asked him: "What's it like?   Does it make any difference?" And he said: "It's great for getting a good table in a restaurant!"The Proms is something very special and it's very British, and it gets idiotically British on the Last Night. When the Last Night loomed ahead of me, I'd look at it with a mixture of eager anticipation and total dread. No, but I'll be nervous.  People ask me if I still get nervous, and I say the day I don't get nervous I'll pack it in. It's a huge responsibility bringing this wonderful music to life and I love it.  I'm addicted to it. Prom 1: First Night of the Proms is on Friday 18 July at 7. 30pm on Radio 3, and on BBC Two and online.
The #BringBackOurGirls group should be ashamed of manipulating "the victims of terrorism", he said. Mr Jonathan had been due to hold his first meeting with some of the girls' parents on Tuesday. Islamist group Boko Haram captured more than 200 girls during a raid on their boarding school in Chibok in April. Mr Jonathan had been widely criticised for failing to meet distraught parents and not doing enough to rescue the girls. #BringBackOurGirls was a global campaign launched on social media to secure the release of the girls. Mr Jonathan agreed to the meeting on Monday following an appeal by Pakistani rights campaigner Malala Yousafzai. Mr Jonathan had planned to meet 12 parents and five girls who escaped shortly after being captured but the parents withdrew at the last minute without giving any reason. "Unfortunately, political forces within the Nigerian chapter of Bring Back Our Girls have decided to take this opportunity to play politics with the situation and the grief of the parents and the girls.  They should be ashamed of their actions," he said in a statement. "Those who would manipulate the victims of terrorism for their own benefit are engaging in a similar kind of evil: Psychological terrorism," he added. Mr Jonathan's spokesman Doyin Okupe said the president was "extremely distraught". "He cannot understand this.  He cannot fathom this - that Nigeria's mothers will do this type of thing for children," Mr Okupe said. Nigeria is due to hold presidential elections next year. Mr Jonathan has not yet declared his candidature, but speculation is rife that he intends to run for another term. Last year, he declared a state of emergency in the north-eastern states of Borno, Adamawa and Yobe, which are worst affected by the insurgency. All three are under opposition control. New York-based Human Rights Watch says more than 2,000 civilians have been killed in Nigeria this year by Boko Haram. The deaths occurred in around 95 separate attacks in more than 70 towns and villages in the north-east, where Boko Haram launched its insurgency in 2009.
The Ghanaian midfielder signed a one-year deal after impressing on trial. Buaben left Carlisle in May and joins ex-Dundee United team-mate Morgaro Gomis and fellow new signings James Keatings, Soufian El Hassnaoui, Neil Alexander and Alim Ozturk. "It's great that Prince has put pen to paper," head coach Robbie Neilson told the official Hearts website. "He's been at training for the last two weeks and he's played a few games for us. "He's looking good and he's a top player.  He's played in the SPL for a long time and he's played in England at a very high level so I'm pleased to get him. "He gives us a bit of strength in there.  We've got some good options now in the middle of the field.  He's a good character as well. "He hadn't done a pre-season after he finished up last season so I just wanted to see where he was and he's a fit guy. "If this is the condition he's in, having only trained for just over a week, then I'm looking forward to seeing what we can get out of him in two or three weeks time. "Buaben moved to Dundee United in 2007 and was part of the side that won the Scottish Cup in 2010. He also had a short spell on loan last season at Partick Thistle.
Slade said the precise details of the new structure were still to be agreed. "There's a slight change in structure.  It's about getting on, nothing will ever be bigger than the club," he told BBC London 94. 9. "My responsibility is for the football.  If I can get help from the owner and sporting director, I'll be delighted. "Becchetti took control of former owner Barry Hearn's 90% stake in the club earlier this month, with the Italian indicating he is willing to back Slade with funds to strengthen his squad. We came within a penalty shot of going into the Championship and now we need to go a bit better"In terms of the roles and responsibilities - its early days but they need to be sorted out and structured better than they are at the moment," added Slade, who has been at Orient since April 2010. "The owner's never had a football club so he's learning and we're learning too. "Slade took Leyton Orient to the play-off final last season, where they lost 4-3 on penalties to Rotherham, and is having to deal with greater expectations from supporters following the takeover. "We want to improve and move forward," said Slade.  "We came within a penalty shot of going into the Championship and now we need to go a bit better than last season and it's not going to be easy. "The mood's always good because we've got good people in the changing room but  we won't know until we start the season how that will affect us. "But I think they'll dust themselves down, they're a great group and if we can strengthen the squad that will lift us as well. "We haven't spent too much money so far but we hope that we can attract some quality players. "In the past I've had to make up the squad with loanees or inexpensive squad players, but this season I'm hoping my whole group are all capable of going in at any stage.  If we can add two or three more players then that will help in terms of depth.
The 39-year-old, who won silver in Beijing in 2008, sustained a back injury in training. She left with a parting shot over her treatment as a cyclist. Houvenaghel will return to dentistry, where "as a woman in my thirties, I will be treated as an equal". Media playback is not supported on this deviceShe criticised Great Britain team-mates and coach Shane Sutton when she was left out of the team pursuit races at the London Olympics two years ago. "The past decade of my life has been dedicated to professional cycling and it has, for the most part, been extremely rewarding," she said. "I have always dedicated myself 100% to my role as a natural professional sports person and I am immensely proud of my consistently high achievements from the beginning. "The County Londonderry native secured the Olympic silver for GB in the individual pursuit in Beijing and also won team pursuit golds at the World Championships in 2008, 2009 and 2011. Cornwall-based Houvenaghel represented England in the 2006 Commonwealth Games before winning silver for Northern Ireland in Delhi four years later. Houvenaghel had targeted a final podium appearance in Glasgow before ending her track career, but has been forced to withdraw citing an injury suffered in training. "It is never easy to make the final decision to end one's sporting career," she added. "It is disappointing to have to withdraw from competition at the Commonwealth Games.  However, I would like to wish my Northern Irish team-mates every success with their performances in Glasgow. "In the future, I hope to put something back into the sport but for now I am looking forward to pursuing my career in dentistry. "Responding to Houvenaghel's comments about sexism in cycling, former Team GB track cyclist Victoria Pendleton agreed women do receive different treatment. The Olympic gold medallist and former world champion told BBC Radio 5 live: "The world of sport, like it or not, it still is very much a male-dominated arena to work in and it is tough at times. "Pendleton, who retired after the 2012 Olympics at the age of 31, added: "I definitely felt in my career that sometimes I wasn't necessarily as well catered for as a female, and I had to act more like a man. "I can probably understand that she could have done with a little bit of a different support maybe.
Police were called to the Biffa depot in Avonmouth at 11:00 BST on Friday after being alerted by staff to possible remains at one of the units. Avon and Somerset Police have named the victim as Matthew Symonds, 34, of no fixed address in Swindon, and said his death was being treated as unexplained. A post-mortem examination is due to be carried out later. His next of kin have been informed, police said. Det Ch Insp Gareth Bevan said officers were "following several lines of inquiry" to establish the circumstances surrounding the man's death. "Police inquiries so far suggest the body was transported with commercial recycling waste collected in Swindon and therefore the focus of the investigation will be in that area going forward," he said. "The investigation is at an early stage and we are keeping an open mind about the circumstances leading to this man's death. "Police said it was too early to say how long the body parts had been there. Biffa is one of the country's leading waste management companies, disposing of rubbish from commercial, industrial and public sector organisations. Matthew Humphreys, from the company, said: "I can confirm that a body was received at our Avonmouth Transfer Station during the morning of Friday 1st August. "Biffa takes health and safety very seriously and is conducting its own internal investigation, into the circumstances surrounding the incident.
The Islamic State (IS) group captured Qaraqosh overnight after the withdrawal of Kurdish forces. IS has been gaining ground in northern Iraq since June, and also controls some of Syria. The US has warned that the situation for Iraq's minority groups threatens to become a "humanitarian catastrophe". ``We are gravely concerned for their health and safety," said White House spokesman Josh Earnest. But he refused to confirm a New York Times report that the US is considering air strikes to help the Yazidi community, another minority group in northern Iraq that has been targeted by IS.About 50,000 Yazidis are thought to have been trapped in the mountains after fleeing the town of Sinjar - although the UN says some of them have now been rescued. The United Nations Security Council is due to meet in emergency session later on Thursday to discuss the situation. Tens of thousands of religious minorities have been forced to flee since IS, a Sunni Muslim group formerly known as Isis, launched its onslaught. IS says it has created an Islamic state in the territory it controls. In other developments:A majority of Nineveh inhabitants left their homes overnight, according to Fraternite en Irak, an international Christian organisation based in Paris. As many as 100,000 people are believed to be fleeing toward the autonomous Kurdistan Region. Pope Francis has made an impassioned appeal to the international community to do much more to address the crisis. A Vatican statement said the Pope had appealed for "all necessary help" to be given to those forced to flee their homes, "whose fate depends entirely on the solidarity of others". And Minority Rights Group International has warned that Iraq's multi-ethnic future is now at grave risk. Kurdish forces, known as the Peshmerga, have been fighting the IS militants' advance for weeks. The Peshmerga's commander in Qaraqosh reportedly told the town's archbishop late on Wednesday that the forces were abandoning their posts. Several senior clergymen in Nineveh confirmed the town had fallen. "It's a catastrophe, a tragic situation: tens of thousands of terrified people are being displaced as we speak," said Joseph Thomas, the Chaldean archbishop of the northern city of Kirkuk. Eyewitnesses in Qaraqosh said IS militants were taking down crosses in churches and burning religious manuscripts. The town - referred to as Iraq's Christian capital - is located 30km (19 miles) south-east of the city of Mosul, which was captured by IS in June. Last month, hundreds of Christian families fled Mosul after the Islamist rebels gave them an ultimatum to convert to Islam, pay a special tax or be executed. Iraq is home to one of the world's most ancient Christian communities, but numbers have dwindled amid growing sectarian violence since the US-led invasion in 2003. ChristiansYazidisIraq: The minorities of NinevehYazidi eyewitness: 'They want to slaughter us'Meanwhile, the UN said it was mobilising resources to assist Yazidis rescued from Mount Sinjar over the past 24 hours. Members of the ancient Kurdish ethno-religious community sought refuge there at the weekend. Almost 200,000 civilians have been displaced from Sinjar town, the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs has warned. Those trapped on the mountain are facing dehydration, and 40 children are reported to have died already. "This is a tragedy of immense proportions, impacting the lives of hundreds of thousands of people," said UN spokesman David Swanson. "Many of the displaced are in immediate need of essential life-saving humanitarian items, including water, food, shelter and medicine.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceBut the Uruguay striker, 27, can now train and play in friendly matches, with new club Barcelona confirming: "He will join the first team's training session, scheduled for Friday. "The public presentation of Suarez as a new Barcelona player will be held on Monday at the Camp Nou. "It is not known if he will play in Monday's game with Mexico's Club Leon. A full explanation of the Cas ruling, which still prevents him from playing "organised" matches but now allows him to take part in all "football-related activities", will be published at a later date. He will still have to serve the remaining eight games of his record nine-match ban in competitive international games, while his competitive Barcelona debut is likely to be at Real Madrid on 26 October in El Clasico. But Suarez will now be available for Uruguay's friendlies against Japan and South Korea in September and Saudi Arabia the following month. Suarez's lawyers argued that world governing body Fifa's decision to suspend him from all football-related activity for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini during Uruguay's 2014 World Cup group match in Brazil in June was too strong a punishment. Switzerland-based Cas - an independent body whose rulings are accepted by most sporting organisations - said: "The sanctions imposed on the player by Fifa have been generally confirmed. "But it said preventing Suarez from taking part in any football activity was "excessive", as not allowing him to train would have an impact on the player after the suspension had ended. World players' union Fifpro said it was "disappointed that the court had decided not to strongly diminish the sanctions" and "remain of the view they are disproportionate in relation to his violation of the Fifa disciplinary code". It added: "We regret Cas not deciding to reduce the length of Suarez's bans in exchange for an obligation for him to receive treatment. "In addition to being allowed to train and play in friendlies, the former Liverpool player - who moved to Barcelona last month for £75m - can also attend matches and take part in promotional activities. His legal team said the appeal was a success, arguing Fifa had "misapplied its own rules when considering the case and the sanction it imposed was disproportionate". Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker tweeted: "Luis Suarez's appeal against a four-month ban has failed.  He is though, sensibly I think, now allowed to train with the team. ""By allowing Suarez to train, Cas appears to have taken into account the club's interests and has emphasised any appropriate sanction for such incidents should be proportionate," said Hannah Clipston, a lawyer specialising in resolving disputes. "What is proportionate for a repeat offender is different to what is proportionate for a first time offender. "Suarez apologised nearly a week after the incident, despite initially claiming to have lost his balance. He was previously suspended for biting PSV Eindhoven midfielder Otman Bakkal and Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic. In 2011, he was also given an eight-match suspension and fined £40,000 for racially abusing Manchester United's Patrice Evra.
For the six months to June, net profit jumped to a record $1. 1bn (Â£660m) from $873m one year ago. Revenue rose by 24% to a record $3. 5bn, due to higher sales volumes. The company also benefitted from a new pricing regime at its Pluto LNG project off the Western Australian coast. The price for LNG from Woodside's Pluto facility increased by 36%, and this rise was reflected in its customer contracts during the six months to June. Woodside - Australia's biggest oil and gas producer - operates six out of the seven LNG "processing trains"- also known as purification facilities, that are available in Australia. In a statement released with the earnings, chief executive Peter Coleman said: "Our record production is a testament to our assets' ongoing reliability. Our half-year profit was up 27 per cent on the same period as last year, reflecting our record production, higher realised prices and increased sales volumes. "The company did not offer any guidance for the rest of the year.  But it did reaffirm its recently raised production target of 89 to 94 million barrels of oil equivalent (mmboe). Mr Coleman said the firm's international exploration strategy was also taking shape, with new acreage in Myanmar as well as entries into Morocco, Tanzania and Gabon. Woodside's international portfolio includes interests in Ireland, New Zealand, Canada and Timor-Leste.
The two sides have been without a binding deal since the previous one expired in June. Wales and British and Irish Lions lock Jones hopes the players can now concentrate on the new season. "Ultimately as players we've prepared as if it's a normal season and everything's rosy," Jones said. "I do stress it's not been ideal and it's not a distraction, but all the same it will be nice to have it done because we've heard for the last 18 months, potentially two years, that this is going to be sorted. "I commend both sides for doing so but it's just disappointing it's taken so long. "We've got to move forward with the players that we've got and that's what we intend to doA new deal between the WRU and Cardiff Blues, Newport Gwent Dragons, Scarlets and Jones' own Ospreys is expected to be signed this week and the 28-year-old added jokingly: "Apparently there was white smoke coming out of the top of the Millennium Stadium, which bodes well!"Jones, who has won 80 caps for Wales and six for the Lions, is one of nine players tipped to become dual-contracted under the proposed new deal. Ospreys begin their season on Friday, 5 September at home to Treviso in the Guinness Pro12, while they will also face the Italians in the Champions Cup in October in a pool including Northampton and Racing Metro. The Welsh side have seen senior players of the calibre of Richard Hibbard, Ian Evans and Ryan Jones - all Lions - leave for other clubs in the off-season. Jones is hoping that players will emerge from within Ospreys to swell the ranks. "[It is a] pretty big [hole], particularly in the pack.  You also look at [fly-half] Matthew Morgan going which was one of our shining lights coming through," Jones said. "Obviously he moved for probably different reasons that some of the other guys did, but they've all moved on and a lot has been said about the comings and goings. "As a region, a group of players and personally we wish them the best, but we've got to move forward with the players that we've got and that's what we intend to do. "The likes of Lloyd Peers, Tyler Ardron. . .  these are guys putting their hands up in the squad. "People like myself, Duncan [Jones] and other guys, Biggs [Dan Biggar], are going to try and grab a few by the scruff of the neck and bring them along with us.
Surman, 28, arrives back at Dean Court having previously spent two spells on loan at the Championship club. He spent last season with Bournemouth, making 39 appearances, and was also at the Cherries during the 2005-06 season. The former England Under-21 international started his career at Southampton before joining Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2009. Surman joined Norwich in 2010 and made 58 appearances for the Canaries.
Healthcare workers are visibly struggling, the response to the outbreak has been damned as "lethally inadequate" and the situation is showing signs of getting considerably worse. The outbreak has been running all year, but the latest in a stream of worrying statistics shows 40% of all the deaths have been in just the past three weeks. So what can we expect in the months, and possibly years, to come?Crystal-ball gazing can be a dangerous affair, particularly as this is uncharted territory. Previous outbreaks have been rapidly contained, affecting just dozens of people; this one has already infected more than 3,900. But the first clues are in the current data. Dr Christopher Dye, the director of strategy in the office of the director general at the World Health Organization, has the difficult challenge of predicting what will happen next. He told the BBC: "We're quite worried, I have to say, about the latest data we've just gathered. "Up until a couple of weeks ago, the outbreak was raging in Liberia especially close to the epicentre of the outbreak in Lofa County and in the capital Monrovia. However, the two other countries primarily hit by the outbreak, Sierra Leone and Guinea, had been relatively stable.  Numbers of new cases were not falling, but they were not soaring either. That is no longer true, with a surge in cases everywhere except some parts of rural Sierra Leone in the districts of Kenema and Kailahun. "In most other areas, cases and deaths appear to be rising.  That came as a shock to me," said Dr Dye. The stories of healthcare workers being stretched beyond breaking point are countless. A lack of basic protective gear such as gloves has been widely reported. The charity Medecins Sans Frontieres has an isolation facility with 160 beds in Monrovia.  But it says the queues are growing and they need another 800 beds to deal with the number of people who are already sick. This is not a scenario for containing an epidemic, but fuelling one. Dr Dye's tentative forecasts are grim: "At the moment we're seeing about 500 new cases each week.  Those numbers appear to be increasing. "I've just projected about five weeks into the future and if current trends persist we would be seeing not hundreds of cases per week, but thousands of cases per week and that is terribly disturbing. "The situation is bad and we have to prepare for it getting worse. "The World Health Organization is using an educated guess of 20,000 cases before the end, in order to plan the scale of the response. But the true potential of the outbreak is unknown and the WHO figure has been described to me as optimistic by some scientists. The outbreak started in Gueckedou in Guinea, on the border with Liberia and Sierra Leone. But it has spread significantly with the WHO reporting that "for the first time since the outbreak began" that the majority of cases in the past week were outside of that epicentre with the capital cities becoming major centres of Ebola. Additionally one person took the infection to Nigeria, where it has since spread in a small cluster and there has been an isolated case in Senegal. Prof Simon Hay, from the University of Oxford, will publish his scientific analysis of the changing face of Ebola outbreaks in the next week. He warns that as the total number of cases increases, so does the risk of international spread. He told me: "I think you're going to have more and more of these individual cases seeding into new areas, continued flows into Senegal, Cote d'Ivoire, and all the countries in between, so I'm not very optimistic at the moment that we're containing this epidemic. "There is always the risk that one of these cases could arrive in Europe or North America. However, richer countries have the facilities to prevent an isolated case becoming an uncontrolled outbreak. The worry is that other African countries with poor resources would not cope and find themselves in a similar situation to Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. "Nigeria is the one I look at with great concern.  If things started to get out of control in Nigeria I really think that, because of its connectedness and size, that could be quite alarming," said Prof Hay. It is also unclear when this outbreak will be over. Officially the World Health Organization is saying the outbreak can be contained in six to nine months.  But that is based on getting the resources to tackle the outbreak, which are currently stretched too thinly to contain Ebola as it stands. There have been nearly 4,000 cases so far, cases are increasing exponentially and there is a potentially vulnerable population in Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea in excess of 20 million. 11,315Deaths - probable, confirmed and suspected(Includes one in the US and six in Mali)4,809 Liberia3,955 Sierra Leone2,536 Guinea8 NigeriaProf Neil Ferguson, the director of the UK Medical Research Council's centre for outbreak analysis and modelling at Imperial College London, is providing data analysis for the World Health Organization. He is convinced that the three countries will eventually get on top of the outbreak, but not without help from the rest of the world. "The authorities are completely overwhelmed.  All the trends are the epidemic is increasing, it's still growing exponentially, so there's certainly no reason for optimism. "It is hard to make a long-term prognosis, but this is certainly something we'll be dealing with in 2015. "I can well imagine that unless there is a ramp-up of the response on the ground, we'll have flare-ups of cases for several months and possibly years. "It is certainly a timeframe that could see an experimental Ebola vaccine, which began safety testing this week, being used on the front line. If the early trials are successful then healthcare workers could be vaccinated in November this year. But there are is also a fear being raised by some virologists that Ebola may never be contained. Prof Jonathan Ball, a virologist at the University of Nottingham, describes the situation as "desperate". His concern is that the virus is being given its first major opportunity to adapt to thrive in people, due to the large number of human-to-human transmissions of the virus during this outbreak of unprecedented scale. Ebola is thought to come from fruit bats; humans are not its preferred host. But like HIV and influenza, Ebola's genetic code is a strand of RNA. Think of RNA as the less stable cousin of DNA, which is where we keep our genetic information. It means Ebola virus has a high rate of mutation and with mutation comes the possibility of adapting. Prof Ball argues: "It is increasing exponentially and the fatality rate seems to be decreasing, but why?"Is it better medical care, earlier intervention or is the virus adapting to humans and becoming less pathogenic? As a virologist that's what I think is happening. "There is a relationship between how deadly a virus is and how easily it spreads.  Generally speaking if a virus is less likely to kill you, then you are more likely to spread it - although smallpox was a notable exception. Prof Ball said "it really wouldn't surprise me" if Ebola adapted, the death rate fell to around 5% and the outbreak never really ended. "It is like HIV, which has been knocking away at human-to-human transmission for hundreds of years before eventually finding the right combo of beneficial mutations to spread through human populations. "It is also easy to focus just on Ebola when the outbreak is having a much wider impact on these countries. The malaria season, which is generally in September and October in West Africa, is now starting. This will present a number of issues.  Will there be capacity to treat patients with malaria? Will people infected with malaria seek treatment if the nearest hospital is rammed with suspected Ebola cases? How will healthcare workers cope when malaria and Ebola both present with similar symptoms. And that nervousness about the safety of Ebola-rife hospitals could damage care yet further.  Will pregnant women go to hospital to give birth or stay at home where any complications could be more deadly. The collateral damage from Ebola is unlikely to be assessed until after the outbreak. No matter where you look there is not much cause for optimism. The biggest unknown in all of this is when there will be sufficient resources to properly tackle the outbreak. Prof Neil Ferguson concludes: "This summer has there have been many globally important news stories in Ukraine and the Middle East, but what we see unfolding in West Africa is a catastrophe to the population, killing thousands in the region now and we're seeing a breakdown of the fragile healthcare system. "So I think it needs to move up the political agenda rather more rapidly than it has.
Producers of precious metals were particularly hard hit.  Analysts blamed falling prices for gold and silver and adverse currency movements. Fresnillo, which owns the world's biggest silver mine, was down 4. 5% and Randgold was down 4. 2%. "Gold is in no man's land," said Alastair McCaig, market analyst at IG Index. He says that investors are concerned that gold could fall below $1,200 dollars an ounce, which would make some gold mines unviable. Gold is currently trading at $1,266 dollars an ounce. In China iron ore prices fell to the lowest level in almost five years, which hit shares in other miners. Rio Tinto fell 0. 73% and BHP Billiton was down 0. 37%. BP was 2. 59% higher.  Shares had slumped 6% on Thursday after a US judge found the firm "grossly negligent" over the 2010 oil spill. The ruling has made investors cautious over the firm. "I'm not buying BP here.  The ruling opens up the door in the United States to more fines for BP," said Beaufort Securities sales trader Basil Petrides. "The US government has got its knife out for BP and it's sharpening the blade," he said. On the currency markets the euro was trading 0. 13% higher, but still below the $1. 30 level. It fell below the $1. 30 level on Thursday in reaction to a surprise cut in interest rates by the European Central Bank. The Bank also launched a programme to buy private sector debt, in another effort to boost European economies. The pound was down 0. 10% against the dollar at $1. 6314.
Woking council will hold a public meeting on Tuesday in response to a petition in June, when 478 residents asked it to look again at the plans. The council said the meeting, with an independent chairman, was open to all. Amanda Mahoney, from the Sheerwater Residents Committee, said people wanted to feel listened to. She said residents wanted a new plan to be drawn up because not all the area marked in the current proposals needed demolishing. Ms Mahoney said the plans had caused "great distress on so many levels". Very few people would come out of the scheme positively because home owners would be unable to afford to re-buy, and council tenants would face temporary accommodation and a possible 40% rent increase, she added. The estate was originally built after World War Two, to house families that relocated from London. The council has said existing properties in the regeneration area, which includes 598 properties, will need to be demolished under the scheme. All affected residents had been offered one-to-one meetings, the council has said. It said Woking was in the top 10% of least deprived areas in the country but Sheerwater came within the 14% most deprived areas which made it a priority for change, and with investment it could become "a more vibrant community". The authority said regeneration would bring new housing for current and future residents, with a retail centre, leisure centre, sports facilities, park, public square, community facilities and better transport links. The council said it would comment further after the meeting.
11 September 2014 Last updated at 07:21 BSTBut today, nearly half of the Dutch firm's business is focused on healthcare. In fact, it's selling its home entertainment division and betting on new opportunities in Asia, where there's a growing aging population. Ashleigh Nghiem asked the company's chief executive, Frans van Houten, about this push into Asia.
In a wide-ranging interview with the BBC he discusses a number of cricketing issues, including his concerns for the future of Test cricket and next summer's Ashes series in England. "At this time I won't be putting my money on England, but, I will say this about the World Cup; we play Sri Lanka, New Zealand and Australia then three minnows, so if you win against the three minnows, you're into the quarter-finals. "Although we seem to be at sixes and sevens, one-day cricket is a funny game.  If you play very well and you get good decisions going for you and bad ones for the opposition, if you get a bit of luck, you can go through on that day and suddenly you're in the semi-final. ""I think they do focus, they're just not very good at it.  Test cricket is more important for England and there's nothing wrong with that.  We play quite a lot of one-dayers, we just don't play it very well. "Instead of making excuses maybe we should put our hand up and say it isn't working and we have to have a re-think and open up our minds a bit and get into the modern way.  We're still trying to play nice cricket with our opening batsmen.  Other teams come in and they plunder it these days.  It has taken a long time to get Alex Hales in, who is powerful, and give him a go.  That seems to be the modern game, there is a lot of power involved. ""We're not sure who should play in the middle order - we dropped Ravi Bopara, who was quite good.  The selectors are very nice people - James Whitaker, chairman, Mick Newell of Notts - but they have never played international cricket.  I think James has played one Test match.  Gus Fraser, who I admire, he hasn't played international cricket for over 10 years and the coach Peter Moores, he has never played anything at all, so if I was batting I don't think I'd be asking him for advice. "I think it's an important factor, it's not belittling them.  I don't think you have to be a great player but I do think you have to have played some international cricket, and been around the international scene, been on tour.  [Former national selector] Geoff Miller was very good, 34 Tests.  He wasn't a great name, but he'd been around lots of tours and I'm sure that helps. ""The second-string seam bowling.  Stuart Broad and James Anderson are very, very good but it's the second string when the pressure on the opposition eases quite alarmingly.  They're trying people at the moment like Chris Woakes, Chris Jordan, who's got an awful run-up, and it's not there yet.  Off-spin, left-arm spin, they don't seem to have one.  Moeen Ali's getting a go but Graeme Swann has been a big loss. "Then the batting isn't solid enough.  I've always believed in Test cricket you win from a platform of runs on the board.  I'm quite aware of the old saying you need bowlers to take 20 wickets to win, but it's very difficult if your batsmen don't make any runs and bowlers are always under pressure. "The best sides make a lot of runs, they're never really in much danger.  We have too many low scores, too many difficulties where we're climbing a mountain for batting badly in the first innings.  We don't put enough big scores on the board. ""The umpires feel more comfortable being able to report them in privacy rather than having to call them in a match.  The Laws of the game are held by MCC, from Test cricket to school cricket.  The ICC decide, just like the PGA Tour in golf, to have localised rules and they have this rule whereby you can bend and straighten your arm 15 degrees, that is a local rule by the ICC and not the Laws of the game.  Many of us don't agree with it but we live by it because that's the rules. "I have always believed to bowl the doosra you have to bend and straighten your arm - that's throwing.  Now they have legalised throwing up to 15 degrees.  You can tell as a cricketer when somebody has a funny action, but the ICC has chosen at international level to have some boffins in a studio with lights and camera and all kinds of mechanics to say he bends and straightens it - which is really a euphemism for throwing - 10 degrees, so he's alright. ""Last time in England it was pretty close, it should have been 2-2.  It will be close again and it depends how we develop by next year. "England are hoping Moeen will improve.  He's done alright so far, his batting has shown glimpses, his bowling has shown glimpses but he's got to do a bit more than that.  You can't just flit in and out with your batting and bowling to play well at Test level. "If Mitchell Johnson gets injured and can't play, the odds may come towards England, but Ryan Harris is important too.  He has had injuries, so they may have to nurse him a bit.  At the moment, they're better placed than us, although in sport it can change quickly. ""It's a problem and we might have missed the boat, it might be too late.  It will still be alright while I'm alive but I don't know about 30 or 40 years.  There is nothing certain about Test cricket because as much as we love it and we think it's the best test of a cricketer for his character, his courage and his technique, one-day cricket has become so important to people. "We've seen for the first time in England that when it's not Australia it's difficult to sell the seats.  Lord's will always sell out because it's the Mecca, people want to go, it's an iconic place.  But at Headingley or Southampton we're struggling to sell the seats and that will happen more and more. ""I've thought for a long time the ticket prices are too high.  The people who run the game might find they are going to have to address that in the coming years. "For years, I have advocated that two grown-ups and two youngsters free should be a family ticket to make it more affordable, but next year the best tickets will be over £100 at Lord's and more than £80 at other places. "For a couple, that's a hundred and plenty, so they might think 'let's go somewhere else that doesn't cost as much'.  That will happen more and more. ""I haven't a clue.  I won't have a say in it will I?"Adversity never breaks a good man, it fines him down like gold so he rises up a better man.  You should never be afraid of adversity, it's what you do about it that counts.  I've had my share.  I've had to climb the mountain again.
Hundreds of animal lovers arrived at the scene of the blaze, which broke out at Manchester Dogs' Home in Moss Brook Road in Harpurhey on Thursday evening. They brought blankets, dog food and other supplies to help some 150 dogs that were pulled from the fire alive. Others visited a JustGiving page, which raised £500,000 in under 17 hours. A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of arson and an investigation into the cause of the fire continues. Among those helping with the rescue effort is the Rev Mike McGurk, of nearby Christ Church in Harpurhey, who said: "When any disaster or anything happens in this community, you actually see the true character of the people. "Hundreds of people have turned out bringing everything from dog leads to food, to water, to finances and it's been really overwhelming. "We're opening up the church - that's become the centre where people can drop off donations.  There'll be staff there throughout the day and night. "Robert Smith travelled from Oldham to help. He said: "I've got dogs myself and I just want to do what I can.  It's tragic.  It's seemed like thousands of people have come along - you couldn't move around here. "Tracy Cassidy, from Bury, said: "A friend of mine sent me a message telling me about it and I just instantly burst out crying.  I had my daughter on my knee and I just couldn't control it. "I've got a big fold-up cage and I thought that could be good if they have bigger dogs.  I just said to my boyfriend I'm just going to go and see what I can do. "Meanwhile, a call went out on Facebook for people to post "dog selfies" to help raise funds. People also left messages of sympathy on the JustGiving website. Jay McMullen said: "It's heart-warming to know there are so many nice people coming together to help.
The official data prompted the government to upgrade growth forecasts for the second time in a week and to promise no new austerity measures. Last week, growth for 2014 was up-rated to 3% from 2. 1%, but will now be around 4. 5%, Ireland's finance minister said. Michael Noonan said the economy was in "a catch-up phase. . .  after recession". The year-on-year growth of 7. 7% was the strongest recorded in Ireland since the early 2000s, Mr Noonan told reporters.  By comparison, the eurozone recorded growth of just 0. 7% over the same period. Along with Greece, Spain and Portugal, Ireland was among the eurozone's worst hit economies, with the bursting of its property bubble and soaring unemployment. The 1. 5% quarterly rise beat the 0. 5% expected by economists polled in a survey by the Reuters news agency. Mr Noonan said the faster growth would mean Ireland's budget deficit falling to about 3. 5% of GDP this year against a target of 4. 8%.  That meant 2bn euros of tax rises and spending cuts planned for next year would no longer be needed to reach the EU limit of 3% by the end of 2015, he said. The economic improvement comes after years of austerity, a bailout from international lenders, and relentless austerity measures. "At face value, the numbers suggest that the boom is back," said Austin Hughes, chief economist at KBC Bank Ireland. "It shows a clearly improving economy.  It's very encouraging to see the improvement in consumption, in construction.  So a domestic recovery is taking hold, if a lot less intense that the headline number would suggest," he said.
The screenplay has been written by Eric Roth - who won an Oscar for Forrest Gump. Leakey is former head of the Kenya Wildlife Service and was key to stemming the trade in illegal ivory. "I've felt a deep connection to Africa and its culture for much of my life," said Jolie. Leakey's extreme measures to tackle poachers, including sending helicopter gunships into the national park, have helped Kenya's elephant and rhino populations recover from the brink of disaster. He made international headlines in 1989, when a stockpile of 12 tonnes of ivory was burned in Nairobi National Park. Jolie said Africa is about "a man drawn into the violent conflict with elephant poachers, who emerged with a deeper understanding of man's footprint and a profound sense of responsibility for the world around him". Producer David Ellison - whose company Skydance co-produced films including True Grit and Jack Reacher - called Leakey "inspirational," adding, "Africa is a story that deserves to be told". Jolie's next movie, Unbroken, starring British actor Jack O'Connell is due in cinemas later this year. She is currently directing and starring opposite her husband Brad Pitt in the film By The Sea, based on her own screenplay.
23 September 2014 Last updated at 17:05 BSTIt's part of her new role as a United Nations goodwill ambassador for women. The actress is hoping to challenge peoples views about women and the inequalities they suffer.  Something inspired by her own experiences. Emma said: "I think it is right, that socially I am afforded the same respect as men, but sadly, I can say, that there is no one country in the world where all women can expect to receive these rights. "She added: ''No country in the world can say they've achieved gender equality.
Fosse Park, near junction 21 of the M1, opened in 1989 and was bought in August for Â£345. 5m. Plans are now being prepared to improve parking and traffic congestion and the appearance of units. Ernie White, leader of Blaby District Council, said the new owners had met with the council to clear up "potential planning questions". "Fosse Park is the gateway from Blaby into the city and they see it as an investment that they think they can improve," said Mr White. "I think it could be a better view when you come into the city, at the moment all you see are far too many backs of sheds. "Paul Clarke, director of investments at Crown Estates, said: "Two things we want to address are parking and congestion issues around the park and we believe it has become rather tired over the last few years. "We are very concerned to address the quality of what we call the common areas - where people have to walk and park - and the facilities available to make sure a location like Fosse Park is as good as it can be.
Alexis Scott, 39, tricked people into thinking they had too much cash on them as they boarded flights in April 2013. She was convicted of six counts of theft and one count of misfeasance - carrying out a legal act illegally - at Canterbury Crown Court in July. Scott, of High Grove, London, was told she preyed on victims' "panic". Judge James Mahoney said the severity of her crime meant she would be split up from her young daughter, who had been with her at a mother and baby unit since she was remanded in custody in July. He said: "I have human feelings, I am a father.  The judicial duty doesn't come harder. "It was over a limited time that you did this but it was bold, persistent, systematic, planned and subtle," Judge Mahoney added. "You preyed on victims' lack of sophistication and panic. "During the trial, the court was told Scott had targeted long-haul passengers at the North Terminal. People said they were approached at the departure gate and told they could not take more than Â£1,000 in cash out of the country. They were then told they could claim it back when they returned. Judge Mahoney said: "This is a case about an official PCSO using her uniform and her status to commit serious criminal offences herself. ""It is an exceptional and very unsual case.  The implication is upon the police, the public trust and the international reputation of this country," he said. "People from other parts of the world find themselves being fleeced by a police officer.  If that's the impression that people leaving this country go away with then that's a very serious matter. "Scott's victims lost about Â£13,500, which Sussex Police has since repaid. Scott was suspended from her position as a Police Community Support Officer when the investigation began and then dismissed for gross misconduct after a disciplinary hearing in July 2013.
Some residents of James Turner Street in Birmingham complained that they had been misled before appearing on the programme. Producers of the reality television show have denied that. Now, one charity which accused the makers of misrepresenting residents has offered a solution: a self-defence kit against unwanted advances. Oasis, a community and education charity, runs the primary school in Birmingham where Benefits Street was filmed. Reverend Steve Chalke, who founded Oasis, said that other communities have approached them asking for advice on what to do if they get attention from reality TV producers. He said: "We can't proactively defend every community in the country. "However, we believe that the new self-defence kit will give people the chance to benefit from what we've learnt. "The kit, which is on its website, contains advice on how to discourage television producers. It also has what it calls a "decoder" to translate what a producer might really mean if they describe the programme they want to make. Despite more than 900 complaints, watchdog Ofcom ruled that Channel 4 did not breach the broadcasting code. A second series is thought to be under way in Teesside. A Channel 4 spokesperson said: "We are always transparent and clear with residents in the extensive briefings that are given pre-filming and operate highly robust duty of care protocols for contributors which were praised by the regulator Ofcom as 'demonstrating best practice'. "Filming of the second series recently began in Stockton-On-Tees, many months after transmission of the first and the subsequent media reaction, so residents were already familiar with the nature and profile of the programme. "The majority of them have been happy to co-operate and support filming, even in the face of external pressure put on them by vested interests outside of the street.
The 25-year-old full-back moved to New Zealand Warriors for a world-record fee last year after helping Wigan to a league and Challenge Cup double. "It's somewhere where I'd never say I'd never want to go back to, so at some point in the future it's very possible," Tomkins said. "I'll never say never.  I'll always be a Wigan fan even if I'm not playing there.  I love the people, the town. "After announcing his move to the NRL, Tomkins said he could not picture himself playing for another Super League club should he return to England. After his spell in rugby union, Tomkins' brother Joel returned to Warriors this season from Saracens. "As soon as Joel signed they were saying 'oh that must mean you're coming back', but for the time being I'm happy playing at the (New Zealand) Warriors," Tomkins told BBC Radio Manchester's Rugby League Extra. "Watching it as a fan, I'm waiting on results and seeing where it puts Wigan in the league - I've been much more interested in Super League than I have been watching the NRL."When you're playing you're concentrating so much on your own game and who you're playing you're not to bothered about other results. "Tomkins scored 13 tries in his 21 appearances in his first season at this new club but they finished outside the play-off places in 11th.
The Welsh government has agreed to pay Â£20,000-a-year for three years for a site to store the 15th Century vessel discovered in 2002. It comes after Newport council said it planned to stop its funding due to budget cuts. The new site will allow freeze-drying of the ship's remaining timbers to continue, completing its conservation. Supporters of the Newport Ship raised concerns about its future in August when it emerged there was no plan in place for an alternative home after the lease on its current building expires in October. Council officers have since looked at six options, including relocating it to a National Museum of Wales facility in Nantgarw, storing it in a shared warehouse in Pill or at vacant council-owned premises. It also considered disposing of the timbers, but a report to councillors says that would leave the authority "accountable for the destruction of one of the most remarkable archaeological finds of the last 50 years". Instead the report recommends renting a warehouse to store the ship, which would be part funded with a grant offered by the Welsh government. This would allow freeze-drying of the ship's remaining untreated timbers to be completed and allow the public to visit it, as they do on open days held at its current home in Maeglas. It is hoped the Friends of Newport Ship, a charity which supports the conservation project, will eventually take over its management. The 500 year-old vessel was found on the banks of the River Usk during construction of the Riverfront theatre 12 years ago. Dating back to 1460, it is the most complete surviving example of a ship of its time and experts think it was used for trading along the Atlantic seaboard. It is thought it was built in south-west France, the Basque country or Portugal, but how it came to rest in Newport remains a mystery.
There are two in the region at the moment - Stockton South's James Wharton and Hexham's Guy Opperman. Few in number then, but uniquely placed to tell the rest of the party how the north is feeling about the fall-out from the Scottish referendum. They are after all from the region closest to the border. Both then have been keen to comment on the future for both Scottish and English devolution following the referendum no vote. They support the push for Scottish MPs to be excluded from votes on English matters, but believe other measures are needed specifically for the North. James Wharton was one of the Conservative MPs invited to Chequers to talk through his concerns with the prime minister. Before the meeting, he made it clear he was prepared to vote against measures to strengthen the Scottish parliament if he thought they might leave the North East unfairly disadvantaged. He wanted to hear how David Cameron might assuage those concerns. After the meeting, he told me it had been "remarkably positive". He believes the PM has taken on board the need to take the North's concerns into account as a new UK settlement is drawn up. James Wharton said: "I do not want Scotland given an unfair advantage over us, and the prime minister acknowledged that and took the time to refer to that in his closing remarks to the meeting. "I am not in favour of new institutions for our region - I opposed the idea of a regional assembly and I still believe it would be wrong. "But I would be keen to look at whether we could use extra tax advantages or enterprise zones to help us compete with Scotland for investment. "Guy Opperman is also keen to see the North empowered. But he believes the referendum campaign promise of extra powers for Scotland must be honoured. He does want extra powers south of the border too though. He sees the recently-formed North East Combined Authority of seven councils covering from Berwick in Northumberland to Barnard Castle in County Durham as ideally placed to take on more responsibility. In an online blog, he said: "What our region needs isn't more politicians, it is more powers.  Real powers to boost jobs, infrastructure and investment. "The easiest way to do that is to build on the existing combined authority. "They have already come together to make joint decisions on transport, skills and so much more.  This is a body which is ripe for more power, and ready to accept it. "But his other idea could be more contentious.  He would like to see that authority led by a mayor - a kind of Boris Johnson for the North. He added: "My personal view is that we need the leader of the Combined Authority being elected as a mayor - as they have in London, New York and so many other great areas, rather than it being an appointed post as it is now. "I think that is the simplest, cheapest and most sensible way to bring democracy and greater power to the combined authorities. "That's something many of those councils, and other MPs in the North East will have qualms about.  And voters too possibly, as plans for a mayor in Newcastle were scrapped when people voted against the idea. But Chancellor George Osborne has already indicated he's keen on mayors, and hinted he'd offer more powers to areas that adopted the model in this December's autumn statement. The North East may face a tricky choice - accept a mayor or get a second-class form of devolution. Messrs Opperman and Wharton and other northern Conservatives will be keen to hear more on how their party plans to solve "the English problem" at their party's conference. But voters will also be watching to see what solution a party with such a small power base in the North East comes up with for the region's particular concerns about any new UK settlement.
The third death was announced on Monday and five are critically ill in hospital, following the event in Haaksbergen in Overijssel province. Video footage shows the modified pick-up with outsized tyres driving over a row of cars as part of the show, but then veering off course. A boy, a man and a woman died. Besides the five critically injured there are another 18 with lesser injuries, the Haaksbergen mayor's office said. Helicopters helped ferry the injured to hospitals in three nearby towns. "A so-called monster truck drove into a crowd of spectators.  A terrible accident with two dead victims," town authorities said on their website on Sunday. Video of the accident posted on social media showed the truck revving hard and then riding over six cars before suddenly heading towards spectators who were separated from the show by metal barriers. Screaming, some managed to get away but others had no time to escape. The driver of the truck has been detained and an inquiry has been opened, police said, quoted by local media.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceAdam Lallana and Jordan Henderson scored to secure a first Premier League win for the team since late August. Prior to victory over West Brom, last year's Premier League runners-up had won just two of six league games. "It was satisfying.  We had to show character and the resilience of the players was fantastic," said Rodgers. The Northern Irishman praised the Anfield crowd for giving his team "a lift" after the visitors equalised through a controversial Saido Berahino penalty. Rodgers also predicted his team's form would improve, with Daniel Sturridge, Joe Allen and Emre Can expected to return from injury following the upcoming two-week international break. Liverpool's next match will be against bottom-of-the-table QPR on 19 October. "Certainly from now, he'll have the course of the international break to get ready, and he'll be fine for QPR," Rodgers said of Sturridge, who has missed seven matches since injuring his thigh while on international duty with EnglandThe last Liverpool match Sturridge featured in was the 3-0 victory over Tottenham in August - their last league win before victory over the Baggies. "We showed great potential against Tottenham and once we get all the players back and we can rotate the squad a bit better that will help us," added Rodgers. Before the match the former Swansea manager had admitted that his team were unrecognisable from last season's title challengers. Media playback is not supported on this deviceIt was far from a polished performance against West Brom, but the 41-year-old said the three points were all that mattered. "As we work more together the quality of our game will improve and the performance will improve but you have to find a way to win and we did that," he said. "That was against a team coming in with good confidence having won 4-0 last week (against Burnley). "They keep clean sheets, they are difficult to beat and we found a way to break through that resistance and win.  It was vital for us before the international break. "Rodgers also questioned Michael Oliver's decision to award the visitors a penalty when Dejan Lovren appeared to foul Berahino on the edge of the box. "It was never a penalty," said Rodgers.  "Thankfully we went on and maybe had a penalty ourselves but luckily for Michael we scored.
The firm said market conditions "continued to be challenging" but that they anticipate a return to growth in 2014. Northstone showed a pre-tax profit of ??6m on turnover of ??239m, compared to 2012 when profit of ??8m was achieved on a ??299m turnover. Its best-known trading business is the Farrans construction firm. It also sells quarry products and ground access systems for the utility industries. The fall in group turnover in 2012 was all attributable to its building/civil engineering division where turnover fell from ??226m to ??153m. The company's workforce fell from 992 to 968 over the year and the accounts show redundancy costs of ??358,000. During the year, the firm bought the Cemex (NI) cement business for an undisclosed sum. Northstone is ultimately owned by CRH plc, the Dublin-based building materials group which is worth around ??10bn.
Washing his own training kit and playing on sloping pitches is a world away from the life to which he had become accustomed during his career, much of which was spent in England's top two divisions. As recently as March, the 32-year-old was scoring goals in the Championship in front of thousands, but on Saturday he could take to the pitch in front of hundreds as Conference South side Maidenhead host Gosport Borough in the FA Cup third qualifying round. But Campbell will not be turning out for a team that plays in the sixth tier of English football because his career is on a downward spiral. The former Birmingham and Queens Park Rangers player is at Maidenhead to rediscover his love for the game, having come close to retiring after being wrongly implicated in a match-fixing scandal. The toughest period of his career began one December morning last year, when a knock at the door at Campbell's home preceded a dramatic arrest in front of his family, and did not end until nine months later when he was finally cleared of any wrongdoing. "The whole situation was a joke and obviously depressing," says Campbell. "It was difficult because after all I had worked for, it tarnished my name and even now you still have managers saying this and that. "But I can't change any of that, all I can do is focus on getting back to where I was.  Hopefully I can do that. "Campbell was one of six people arrested in connection with allegations of fixing in football matches, which came after ex-Portsmouth defender Sam Sodje allegedly told an undercover newspaper reporter he could arrange yellow and red cards in exchange for cash.  Sodje was later cleared. Released on bail following his arrest, Campbell tried to focus on his football, but he was loaned by Blackburn to Millwall in January before leaving the Ewood Park club by mutual consent in July. It was the culmination of a difficult time in Campbell's life. Having climbed from non-league to the Premier League with Birmingham, QPR and Blackpool, an increasing number of injuries in recent years - coupled with the spectre of the match-fixing allegations hanging over him - almost became too much for Campbell. "It was all new things to deal with and my dad passed at the same time while the match-fixing rubbish came up, so it was a lot to handle," he says. "I got to the point where I thought 'what is the point?' I didn't need all these problems and for what?"But at the same time I reflected on my career. "I had done a lot to come from nothing and really make something of myself, why would I throw it all away because of this?"There were plenty of people in a worse position than me who would love to play football, so I just decided to get on with it and do what I love. "After leaving Blackburn, Campbell hired a personal trainer and took to training on his own in a park. It was during that time he received a call from current Maidenhead boss Johnson Hippolyte - Campbell's friend, mentor and former manager at non-league Yeading, one of the striker's first clubs, over a decade ago. Campbell credits Hippolyte, "Drax" to those who know him, as the man who kick-started his career, having convinced him not to quit football as a teenager after being released by Aston Villa. Consequently, when Hippolyte made a tongue-in-cheek comment about joining Maidenhead, Campbell took it more seriously. "I was waiting for the right club to come along," continues Campbell.  "But as time went by I thought about it more and more, and in the end thought 'why not?'"The move will have surprised a lot of people but if there was anyone I was going to play for at this level it would be Drax, we have a lot of history together. "There was, though, the issue of wages.  Maidenhead clearly had no chance of offering Campbell the kind of money he had been accustomed to during his Premier League and Championship days. But the discussion never came up. "It is not all about the money," Campbell says.  "It is about being happy and I have not been happy the last few years with all that has gone on. "It is easy to think all footballers are motivated by money, and I could have signed for a club and just sat on the bench and taken a wage but I decided not to do that. "I've decided to play for Drax and get back to doing what I love doing. "Hippolyte adds: "He is not getting paid at all. "The players were really keen for him to stay and play for Maidenhead when he was initially just training with us, so much so that they offered a whip-round for him. "But it was never about the money for DJ, he just wants to play and enjoy himself again, and we want for him to show that he is still hungry and still has the ability. "That ability is clearly still there. In front of a crowd of about 400, Campbell scored on his debut last month as Maidenhead beat Faversham Town 4-0 to progress to the FA Cup third qualifying round. To grab a goal in the competition, with Hippolyte watching on from the dugout, will reignite memories of the famous FA Cup run the pair enjoyed at Yeading back in the 2004-05 season. Campbell scored seven goals in the competition to help Yeading reach the third round, where they lost 2-0 to Newcastle. But, having held out impressively for 50 minutes against the Premier League side, with the game broadcast to millions on BBC One, Campbell caught the eye, with Brentford giving the then 24-year-old his first chance in professional football. From then on he flourished, scoring 12 goals in six months - including a double in a 2-1 win against Sunderland in the FA Cup which earned him a move to Birmingham City, then playing in the Premier League. "The FA Cup really put me in the shop window," remembers Campbell. "It made me get noticed because in those days it was tough for non-league players, not many got the chance they seem to do now. "My form in the competition helped get me my move to Brentford.  I continued to score lots there and Birmingham manager Steve Bruce was in the crowd when we played Sunderland in the FA Cup. "I think he was looking at another player, but I scored twice and caught his eye, so that was a blessing. "With just two qualifying rounds remaining in this season's competition before the first round proper, Campbell hopes to be able to score the goals that could help Maidenhead replicate Yeading's famous FA Cup run from a decade ago. But regardless of whether the Magpies can achieve that, Hippolyte, remembering the talented 16-year-old he first spotted playing in a park near his home, hopes Campbell will not be around long enough to be part of it. "I really wish Saturday is his last game," he says. "In a perfect world he will play for us, score in the FA Cup and get us through and get his move on Monday. "As much as I would love to keep him here, as a father figure he should not be playing anywhere near this level. "Considering the FA Cup arguably made his career in professional football, it would only be fitting if the competition now resurrected it.
In Palmer on Thursday, at about 03:00 an officer told Karen and Jay Priest their son Justin, 29, had been killed. The devastated couple drove to Justin Priest's girlfriend's home to inform her, when he greeted them at the door. In fact, another man with the same name but different birthday was killed.  The Juneau police apologised for the error. After hearing the horrible news, the Priests telephoned far-away relatives, then drove to Anchorage to tell their other son in person, they told Alaska Dispatch News. Then, the grieving family set out to inform Justin's girlfriend of five years. At her home at about 05:30, Justin Priest said he heard a knock on the door as he was getting ready to walk his dog.  Still bleary-eyed from sleep, he was surprised to see his family.  All erupted with joy, praising Jesus and embracing one another in tears. "It opens and right here is Justin.  I don't even see it but Jay is sobbing.  It doesn't compute to me.  Then I see him," Mrs Priest told the Associated Press news agency.  "You want it to be true, but you go, 'Am I hallucinating?' Justin didn't know what was going on. "The Juneau police have apologised for the anguish, however momentary. Justin Priest told the Alaska Dispatch that the family's relief and joy is tempered by the awareness another family lost a son.
Two goals from Swansea midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson kept Iceland top of Group A, six points above the Dutch, who came third at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. In Wales' Group B, Bosnia-Hercegovina and Belgium drew 1-1, while Omer Damari scored a hat-trick as Israel beat Andorra 4-1. Southampton's Graziano Pelle scored the only goal as Italy defeated Malta 1-0. Pelle, 29, was making his debut in a match that saw both sides reduced to 10 men as Malta's Michael Mifsud was sent off after 27 minutes, before Italian Leonardo Bonucci was dismissed with 17 minutes remaining. It has been a terrible start to the Netherlands' campaign for new boss Guus Hiddink, who took over the national side in the summer after Louis van Gaal left to join Manchester United. The Dutch lost their first Group A game 2-1 in Czech Republic and needed to come from behind to beat Kazakhstan 3-1 on Friday, before losing in Reykjavik. Elsewhere, the most emphatic win was Croatia's 6-0 demolition of Azerbaijan in Group H, with Ivan Perisic netting twice and ex-Tottenham midfielder Luka Modric also on the scoresheet. In the same group, Norway beat Bulgaria 2-1, with Martin Odegaard making his competitive international debut to become the youngest player to appear in a European Championship qualifier match, at 15 years and 300 days. Meanwhile, in Group A, Czech Republic beat Kazakhstan 4-2 and Latvia drew 1-1 with Turkey. Match ends, Iceland 2, Netherlands 0. Second Half ends, Iceland 2, Netherlands 0. Attempt missed.  Arjen Robben (Netherlands) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left.  Assisted by Leroy Fer. Foul by Robin van Persie (Netherlands). Birkir Bjarnason (Iceland) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Nigel de Jong (Netherlands) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Kolbeinn Sigthorsson (Iceland). Gregory Van der Wiel (Netherlands) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Kolbeinn Sigthorsson (Iceland). Substitution, Iceland.  Rurik Gislason replaces Jon Dadi Bodvarsson. Foul by Leroy Fer (Netherlands). Emil Hallfredsson (Iceland) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Bruno Martins Indi (Netherlands) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Emil Hallfredsson (Iceland). Corner,  Netherlands.  Conceded by Teddy Bjarnason. Attempt blocked.  Quincy Promes (Netherlands) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Attempt missed.  Daley Blind (Netherlands) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Klaas-Jan Huntelaar (Netherlands) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Kári Arnason (Iceland). Attempt missed.  Jon Dadi Bodvarsson (Iceland) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left.  Assisted by Kári Arnason. Nigel de Jong (Netherlands) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Nigel de Jong (Netherlands). Jon Dadi Bodvarsson (Iceland) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed.  Emil Hallfredsson (Iceland) left footed shot from outside the box is too high.  Assisted by Gylfi Sigurdsson. Foul by Leroy Fer (Netherlands). Hannes Thór Halldórsson (Iceland) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Netherlands.  Leroy Fer replaces Ibrahim Afellay. Corner,  Netherlands.  Conceded by Ragnar Sigurdsson. Foul by Nigel de Jong (Netherlands). Emil Hallfredsson (Iceland) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed.  Bruno Martins Indi (Netherlands) header from the centre of the box is too high.  Assisted by Ibrahim Afellay following a set piece situation. Klaas-Jan Huntelaar (Netherlands) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Kári Arnason (Iceland). Attempt saved.  Ragnar Sigurdsson (Iceland) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.  Assisted by Gylfi Sigurdsson. Substitution, Netherlands.  Quincy Promes replaces Jeremain Lens. Gregory Van der Wiel (Netherlands) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Birkir Bjarnason (Iceland). Corner,  Netherlands.  Conceded by Teddy Bjarnason. Corner,  Iceland.  Conceded by Stefan de Vrij. Attempt missed.  Robin van Persie (Netherlands) left footed shot from outside the box is too high.  Assisted by Klaas-Jan Huntelaar.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceFlower, 26, punched Hohaia to the ground two minutes into Saturday's Grand Final, then landed a second blow to his face while he lay on the ground. Wales prop Flower was sent off as the Warriors were beaten 14-6. The ban until 14 April takes in 10 Super League games and the World Club Series match against Brisbane Broncos. New Zealander Hohaia had already accepted a one-game suspension for a forearm strike which came before Flower's punches. Flower was charged with a Grade F offence - the most serious in the sport's disciplinary rules - of "violent and aggressive punching" and "punching an off-guard opponent", a charge which carries a minimum of an eight-game ban. Wigan rugby general manager Kris Radlinski, who accompanied Flower to the hearing at the Rugby Football League in Leeds, said in a statement: "Wigan Warriors would like to go on record in saying that the RFL disciplinary committee handled a very difficult situation with professionalism and integrity. "We fully support their assessment of Saturday night's incident involving our player, Ben Flower.  We will be making no appeal. "We would like to apologise to Lance Hohaia and his family and to the St Helens club and fans.  St Helens' win on Saturday has been overshadowed by the incident and that is wrong. "In becoming the first man to be sent off in a Grand Final, Flower left his side down to 12 men for the vast majority of the match at Old Trafford, which St Helens won to end an eight-year wait for the Super League title. Saints chairman Eamonn McManus said: "The sport of rugby league should not be judged by this event, but by how it deals with it. "We must assist [Flower] in any way that we can and accept him back into the sport.  There is a person behind the player, and I am reliably informed by all that it is a good one. "For Wigan, the defeat ended their defence of the Super League crown and the pursuit of a fourth title. Former Wigan and Great Britain player Martin Offiah told BBC Radio 5 live: "There is a lot of emotion around what was a big occasion but sadly it was in effect ruined by this incident in which I believe both players played their part.  It was a sad day for rugby league. "The sport was on show, it's a big event and the pictures are very graphic and all the apologies in the world won't wipe these away. "No one can condone that second punch to the head and he's apologised for that but Lance Hohaia must take some consideration for his actions. "Meanwhile, Greater Manchester Police said in a tweet they are investigating "abusive social media activity" surrounding the Grand Final.
A yellow severe weather warning has been issued as the remains of Hurricane Gonzalo reach Britain. Coastal areas and north-western parts of Wales are expected to see the worst of the weather. The Met Office said while all of Wales will be affected, areas including Aberporth, Aberystwyth and Anglesey will likely see the strongest winds. "Hurricane Gonzalo will run eastwards across the Atlantic, reaching the UK on Monday night, bringing strong winds and heavy rain," said a spokesperson. "The strongest winds are expected on Tuesday as the low pressure clears eastwards. "Gusts exceeding 55mph are likely inland, with 60 to 70mph gusts in some exposed coastal areas in the west. The forecaster warned that fallen leaves and blocked drains could increase the risk of surface water affecting roads, and advised that travel could be disrupted. Hurricane Gonzalo caused widespread damage and a power blackout when it hit Bermuda last week, with damage caused to houses and power lines downed. Irish Ferries has cancelled some sailings between Holyhead and Dublin due to the adverse weather forecasts for Tuesday.
The hosts took an early lead through former Bath full-back Nick Abendanon. Danny Cipriani kicked Sale's only points but two Camille Lopez penalties gave the hosts a 13-3 interval lead. Napolioni Nalaga plundered two tries to see Clermont pull away and home legend Aurelien Rougerie scored from halfway to secure the four-try bonus point. With three of last year's semi-finalists alongside the Sharks in Pool One the Salford-based side were always going to be big outsiders to qualify, and with a solitary point from two games the knock-out stages look impossible now. They enjoyed some good moments, with David Seymour a constant menace at the breakdown, but ultimately the hosts had too much power and class. Fly-half Cipriani, playing his first game since being left out of the England squad, mixed lovely touches with a couple of careless mistakes, but along with the rest of his side he was powerless to prevent the Clermont onslaught after the break. Despite trailing by 10 points at the interval Sale were competitive in the first half and it took a poor throw at the line-out - far from the last unfortunately for the visitors - to spark Clermont into life. Wales centre Jonathan Davies - who immediately went off with a reported shoulder injury - chipped and regathered before feeding Abendanon, who scooted down the line and produced a piston-like hand-off on Sale scrum-half Will Cliff to score. Lopez, 25, converted and added two penalties after Cipriani's solitary reply for Sale as the hosts edged clear. After the break Clermont grew more dominant by the minute and added a second try when the giant Nalaga claimed Lopez's cross-kick and stepped inside two covering defenders to score. The Fijian powerhouse added a second with 10 minutes remaining after a flowing passing move and, with the passionate home fans demanding a fourth try, the 34-year-old Rougerie dummied on halfway, handed off Tom Arscott and outpaced the Sale defence to score in the corner. Clermont Auvergne: Abendanon; Nakaitaci, Davies, Fofana, Nalaga; Lopez, Radosavljevic, Domingo, Kayser, Ric, Cudmore, Jacquet, Bonnaire, Lapandry, Lee. Replacements: Rougerie for Davies (16), Debaty for Domingo (54), Kotze for Ric (70), Vahaamahina for Cudmore (54). Not Used: Paulo, Kolelishvili, Lacrampe, James. Sale: Haley; Brady, Leota, Tuitupou, Arscott; Cipriani, Cliff; Lewis-Roberts, Jones, Cobilas, Mills, Paterson, Lund, Seymour, M Easter. Replacements: Ford for Cipriani (65), De Marchi for Lewis-Roberts (64), Mamukashvilli for Jones (64), Harrison for Cobilas (64), Ostrikov for Mills (54), Braid for Easter (54), Fowles (for Cliff 61), Forsyth for Tuitupou (72). Att: 17,591Ref: George Clancy (Ireland).
The Pirates of the Caribbean star will play the title role in Therese Raquin, based on Emile Zola's 1867 classic. Described as "a tale of love, lust, betrayal, and guilt," the play will cast her as a young woman trapped in a loveless marriage who has an affair with one of her husband's friends. The Roundabout Theatre Company show opens in October 2015 in New York. Knightley, who turns 30 next year, previously trod the boards in London in The Misanthrope and The Children's Hour. The actress has two films out next month in the UK - World War Two drama The Imitation Game and US comedy Say When. Therese Raquin has been staged and filmed many times, most recently as the film In Secret starring Elizabeth Olsen. The new version is by British playwright Helen Edmundson, who previously adapted the Tolstoy novels Anna Karenina and War and Peace for the stage. Knightley appeared in a 2012 film of Anna Karenina and has also appeared in film adaptations of Pride and Prejudice and Ian McEwan's Atonement. Therese Raquin begins previews on 1 October and has its opening night on 29 October at a Broadway theatre yet to be announced. Earlier this year Knightley revealed she had hoped to take The Children's Hour to Broadway but could not work out the scheduling with co-star Elisabeth Moss. "We tried to make it happen, but our scheduling didn't work out," she told The Advocate.  "It was a real shame, because it would be great doing it on Broadway.
Media playback is unsupported on your device26 October 2014 Last updated at 00:31 BSTShe released her first solo album Malagasy Blues Song in 2013, but she has a long career behind her. She comes from a musical family of 15 children, and in this performance for the BBC's Africa Beats series, she is supported by her brothers, Pata and Dozzy Njava, and her cousin Christian Ravalison, all of whom are respected musicians in Belgium, where they now live. Lala Njava is passionately concerned by the issues her native land faces, especially deforestation, and is donating a portion of the revenues from her CD sales to a tree planting project.
But they have also had three points deducted after the game on 14 October was disrupted when a drone flew over the stadium with a political message. The drone carried a pro-Albania flag.  Crowd disturbance and a brawl between players followed at Partizan Stadium. Both countries have confirmed they will appeal against the rulings. Uefa's Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body (CEDB) deemed that Albania had forfeited the match and in doing so lost 3-0.  But it also decided to penalise Serbia over the crowd trouble. It ruled Serbia must also play two home qualifying games behind closed doors and fined both FAs 100,000 euros each. A statement from the Serbian FA confirmed it will submit an appeal within five days of receiving Uefa's full written decisions. The Albanian FA earlier released a similar response. Bardhyl Minxhozi, a senior member of the Albanian Football Federation's executive committee, told BBC Sport it was "a very sad day for European football". Media playback is not supported on this deviceHe added: "It's a very disappointing decision, not only for Albanian fans from a football point of view, but it's a decision which is unacceptable from a legal and a technical point of view. "We have a very dangerous precedent from this decision. "Serbia will have to play their Group I Euro 2016 qualifiers against Denmark and Armenia in an empty stadium. The match between the Balkan sides earlier this month, at which no away fans were permitted, was interrupted late in the first half when a flag depicting a notional 'Greater Albania', was flown over the terraces and pitch by what appeared to be a remote-controlled drone. Serbia's Stefan Mitrovic grabbed the flag, prompting an angry reaction from Albanian players. A brawl between the players followed after several Albanian players snatched the flag from Mitrovic and they then had to run into the tunnel for cover as some home fans invaded the pitch and attacked them. Premier League referee Martin Atkinson suspended play in the 41st minute with the score at 0-0 and Uefa confirmed the match had been abandoned after a delay of about 30 minutes. Albanian fans had been banned from entering the stadium by Uefa on safety grounds and the match was set against a backdrop of tight security. There are long-standing tensions between the nations over Kosovo, the province with which both share a disputed border, and which is recognised as independent by the United States and major European Union countries. It is not recognised as independent by Serbia - a bone of contention with Albania. The two sides are due to meet in their return fixture next October.
His signing follows the news that the Stags could be without injured striker Alex Fisher for four weeks. Oliver, 23, signed his first professional contract with his hometown club Sheffield Wednesday. He left the Owls in 2012 and made an immediate impact at Lincoln City, scoring 14 goals in 41 matches, before joining Crewe last summer. Oliver could make his debut at York on Saturday.
A Spanish court has suspended a ban on the former France midfielder and World Cup winner, 42, coaching Real Madrid Castilla. The Spanish football federation punished Zidane and fellow reserve team coach Santiago Sanchez for not having the required qualifications. Media playback is not supported on this deviceReal said they would "pursue every legal avenue" to overturn the ban. The European champions said Zidane was awarded the necessary licence by the French football federation. He was appointed Real reserve-team boss this summer after working as assistant to first-team coach Carlo Ancelotti last season. Zidane won the World Cup with France in 1998 and was named World Footballer of the Year in 1998, 2000 and 2003. He spent five seasons with Real as a player after joining from Juventus in 2001 for £45. 8m - then a world record fee - and scored the winner in the 2002 Champions League final. Castilla were relegated from the second division last season, before Zidane joined the coaching staff.  They are currently 14th in Group 2 of the regional four-group Segunda B, the third tier.
The 32-year-old Irishman is accused of striking Dundee United striker Aidan Connolly in the face with his elbow. Goodwin was not pulled up for the offence during United's 3-0 win. Should he accept the ban, the midfielder would miss three games from 15 November because of an additional suspension due to his recent record. Goodwin has until Wednesday to respond to the complaint, with a hearing set for Thursday. He was banned for two matches last season for elbowing United midfielder Stuart Armstrong. This came after United released their own footage of the incident in the match at St Mirren Park.
The Welsh national field of remembrance at Cardiff Castle features 10,000 wooden crosses remembering the fallen. Each one carries a message to someone who has died while serving their country since World War One. Royal British Legion members and First Minister Carwyn Jones were among those at the service. Mr Jones said he was "proud to be attending this event to honour those who have died in conflict. ""As we mark the 100th anniversary of the First World War, there is an even greater opportunity for us to remember those who took part in the War, and the impact of the conflict in shaping modern Wales," he added. At 11:00 GMT there was a two minute silence during which Royal British Legion buglers played the Last Post trumpet call. National Chairman of The Royal British Legion, John Crisford, says the service shows the public's gratitude to those who "made the ultimate sacrifice in defence of our country".
Fawzi al-Odah, 37, was released after a US review panel concluded he was not a "continuing significant threat". He had been at the US facility in Cuba since 2002 after his arrest in Pakistan on suspicion of links to al-Qaeda and the Taliban - a charge he denies. He had challenged America's right to detain him in the US Supreme Court. Mr Odah boarded a Kuwaiti government plane on Wednesday morning US time. "There's no bitterness, there's no anger," his lawyer Eric Lewis was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency. "There's just excitement and joy that he will be going home. "The release came after Guantanamo's Periodic Review Board in July determined "that continued law of war detention of (Mr Odah) does not remain necessary to protect against a continuing significant threat to the security of the United States". But he now faces at least a year at a militant rehabilitation centre in Kuwait, according to the terms of the release. The Kuwaiti government had pushed hard for the release of all Kuwaiti detainees at Guantanamo. Mr Odah had argued that he travelled to Afghanistan and Pakistan to teach the Koran and provide humanitarian aid. He is the first inmate to be freed since May, when five Taliban detainees were exchanged for US Sgt Bowe Bergdahl, who had been kept by the insurgents in Afghanistan. Mr Odah's release brings down the total number of inmates at the US naval base to 148. The US opened the facility in January 2002, following the 11 September 2001 attacks in America. President Barack Obama has repeatedly promised to shut it down.
"Stalled," she said, before challenging anyone in the room to name a significant change that had taken place in the last two years. So is she right? Has the much vaunted Burmese reform project ground to a halt?The answer depends on how narrowly you define reform.  When she speaks, Ms Suu Kyi is thinking politics. The pace of political change has certainly slowed.   In part that's because the easiest reforms took place in the first 18 months of Thein Sein's presidency. In the Burmese context, "easy" means decisions that don't upset the army. Political prisoners were released, censorship of newspapers and the internet lifted and a (flawed) law passed allowing public demonstrations. In a short period of time, one of the world's most tightly controlled societies opened up in a way few had thought possible. Stories critical of ministers were suddenly on the front page of private newspapers, and demonstrations, mostly connected to land rights, have become almost daily events. But the early pace of those changes hasn't been sustained.  There was no way it could. So did the reformers run out of steam? Did Thein Sein's project reach a roadblock manned by hardliners in the Burmese army? Or perhaps we're close to the final destination - that is, with sanctions lifted and the army still really in charge. Ms Suu Kyi's main frustration is that the constitution remains unchanged. Drafted in 2008, it entrenches the military's control of political life, guaranteeing it a quarter of the seats in the Hluttaw (the Burmese parliament), and a veto over any changes to the constitution. This is what its architects proudly call a "disciplined democracy". The opposition have focused on the two parts they want changed most. They are: the clause barring anyone who has foreign family members from becoming president, which effectively prevents Ms Suu Kyi from taking power (because of her British sons) and Article 436, which gives the army a veto on constitutional changes. Much of Ms Suu Kyi's annoyance stems from the fact that the legislature that she joined in 2012, and thus legitimised, is now being cynically used to thwart her ambition. Just as it would in mature democracies, responsibility for shaping the constitutional reform process was handed to a series of parliamentary committees. With each committee mirroring the composition of the military-dominated Hluttaw, they've deliberated for months and delivered entirely predictable results. Altering the "Suu Kyi clause" has been dismissed outright (as a threat to national sovereignty), while amending Article 436 will be discussed in parliament, though if the army remains opposed there's no way it can be changed. Ms Suu Kyi's slim hopes of taking the top job after the election in 2015 now rest on a backroom deal among senior leaders. Looming in many minds is the possibility of a constitutional crisis this time next year.  What if the party that wins the most seats is unable or unwilling to nominate a president?Though the changes that Aung San Suu Kyi wants most have stalled, that's not to say there haven't been other important developments.   It's just that they don't directly involve Ms Suu Kyi. Ever since independence in 1948, Myanmar has never been truly at peace, with minority ethnic groups fighting guerrilla wars against the Burman-dominated state. The last three years has seen real progress towards what would be an unprecedented nationwide ceasefire agreement.  All the major rebel groups have been brought into the process, attracted by the promise of dialogue on a more federal future. For President Thein Sein, a peace agreement would be the crowning achievement of what's likely to be his only term in office.  Unfortunately for him, with a deal within reach, the number of clashes has begun to increase once more. Outside politics, particularly in the big cities, people's lives are changing fast. Thanks to new laws and regulations, Myanmar's economy and banking sectors are liberalising and opening up to the outside world.  GDP growth is rapid, though improvements in living standards still lag a long way behind. On Myanmar's streets two new foreign phone companies are currently battling it out for a lucrative new market. After years in which mobile phones and the internet were government-run and SIM cards the preserve of the elite, there's now the prospect of low-cost data and unrestricted access to information.  In itself that's a game-changer. So is the Myanmar reform glass half full or half empty?  It rather depends who you are, and what you're drinking.
She and her volunteers drive in an orange and yellow van with the words: "Hunger knows no barriers" printed on the side. They squeeze between the luxury condos in downtown Kuala Lumpur to arrive at a squatters area that has become so permanent, it has its own name - Bellamy Village. Ms Khong says initially it was hard to find the needy because they were largely hidden in Kuala Lumpur. "They are afraid of the authorities so they always hide in the alleys," she says. Her drive to find and feed the poor has led to the founding of one of Malaysia's biggest soup kitchens called Kechara, which is a Sanskrit word Ms Khong says she borrowed from Buddhist teachings to mean a "heavenly place". The Malaysian media have ranked Ms Khong as one of the most influential Malaysians and her work earned her a place among Forbes magazine's heroes of philanthropy list in 2010. However, her journey to become a full-time volunteer has not always been a willing one. Before starting the soup kitchen, Ms Khong's idea of charity involved dressing up in ball gowns and donating money. Perhaps this was why Malaysia ranked below its poorer neighbours such as Indonesia and the Philippines in the 2013 World Giving Index, which judged a country based on its donation of both money and time. The mother of three preferred to dine at luxury hotels, and at one point owned a tropical island in Myanmar with her husband. "She was a socialite.  She would go out clubbing, attend parties and events.  She would have fancy dinners with her friends and play tennis.  She really indulged in herself personally," says Ms Khong's son, Clifford. It's rare for children in Asia to criticize their parents but Ms Khong doesn't seem to mind. "I admit it.  I think being the youngest in the family meant that life was pretty pampered," she says laughing. "It was always about myself, what I wanted and that continued on for a while until 1994," she says. That year, she was on a quest for spiritual guidance in India and met a Buddhist monk named Tsem Rinpoche. "I was decked out from head to toe in Chanel. "Ms Khong says if he had discouraged her from wearing luxury brands, she probably wouldn't have followed him. Instead, he urged her to use her wealth and influence to do more charity and eventually suggested that she feed the hungry. "I was very reluctant to give up my weekends with family and friends," says Ms Khong. She says she only committed herself to volunteer for two weekends out of the year.  That was in 2006. Now, feeding the poor is her full-time occupation. "Once I started there is no way that I could pull out because these people are there and they need us," she says. The Kechara soup kitchen has branches across the country in the capital Kuala Lumpur, north of the country in Penang, Johor Bahru in the south and Kuantan in the east. They provide counselling and basic medical services for the homeless and feed 10,000 hungry people a month. It is a small percentage in a country with 30 million people, but Ms Khong's operation is catching the ones who fall through the system. Wong Yuk Kei is one of them.  She doesn't qualify for any of the 200 state-run old folks homes because her children are alive. The country's welfare system is still rooted in Asian tradition and expects each generation to be responsible for their parents. However, Ms Wong's children are struggling with the high cost of living in Kuala Lumpur and cannot help.  She gets less than $100 (Â£63) a month in welfare payment.  It's just enough to cover her and her husband's medical bills but not much more. Ms Wong relies on the Kechara soup kitchen for a hot lunch. On the menu that day in October was hard boiled eggs in curry, green vegetables, and potato with tofu meat on a bed of rice wrapped in pandan leaf.  They also had bottled water and biscuits for dessert. This is food that can be served to Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus or anyone with religious dietary restrictions in the multi-faith country. Ms Wong says she enjoys the meals and collects two rice packets from the volunteers at Bellamy Village. "My husband and I have only eaten lunch from the Kechara soup kitchen for the past four years," she tells Ms Khong in the Cantonese dialect. The socialite smiles politely and nods even though she doesn't understand the language. Ms Khong walks further down the unpaved path sporting a stylish pair of flip flops, which reveals perfectly manicured toes. After eight years, she still sometimes struggles in her role. She told a local magazine recently that she has a "major hang up" about shaking a strangers hand and hugging, which can happen when people are grateful for the free food. Her son, Clifford, sees a positive change in his mother.  He says feeding the hungry has made her more kind, patient and giving. Ms Khong's transformation comes at a crucial time when many Malaysians feel that the country's elite is detached from people's suffering. "It is not about the packet of food but by giving it, it shows them that we care to step outside of our comfort zone," she says. It's this idea that has moved the socialite from the back covers of glossy magazines, to grace the front cover.
Construction will begin in spring 2015 and it is hoped the line, which will be extended from Kennington to Battersea, will open by 2020. Two new stations will open - Nine Elms to the east and one at the heart of the Battersea Power Station development. The full cost is expected to be up to Â£1bn, which will be funded by developments in the area. Ravi Govindia, leader of Wandsworth Council, said: "This is fantastic news for the people of Battersea and the benefits will be felt right across Wandsworth. "This part of the borough is already coming to life with thousands of new homes and jobs and its two new Tube stations will turbo charge the process. "The Northern line extension will take the pressure off the rest of our local transport network and gives Nine Elms official Zone One status. "The project was approved by the Secretary of State for Transport. The decision follows a public inquiry conducted by an independent inspector last year to consider the impact of the extension. Some residents had opposed the plans, saying it would lead to a loss of parkland and increase noise and pollution in the residential area.
The stretch of road on the A890 was closed following rock falls last month, before it was later partially reopened. Highland Council said work to further stabilise rock in the area would continue over the next two to three weeks. The local authority is seeking a long term solution to the bypass.
After thunderstorms ended play prematurely on Friday, Poulter completed the remaining four holes of his second round in one under. That gave him a six-under round of 66 and a halfway total of 14-under-par. Veteran Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez parred the four holes he had to finish, adding a 73 to his opening 63, to leave him in a six-way share of second place. Poulter, who birdied five of the first 11 holes on Friday, tweeted that evening: "Now that was a close call.  On 14th green when lightning struck very close by. "After three-putting the 12th to drop a shot, the world number 40, aided by a strengthening wind, reached the par-five 13th green in two shots to set up a simple birdie. And on Saturday he birdied his first hole of the day, the 15th, to boost his chances of a first European Tour victory in two years. The 38-year-old is now 33-under-par for his last six rounds at the Colin Montgomerie-designed Maxx Royal course. "I played exactly the same last week but didn't hole my putts," said Poulter, who finished joint sixth in the WGC-HSBC Champions last Sunday, the tournament which provided his last win in 2012. Ryder Cup player Victor Dubuisson, who won the inaugural tournament last year, was 13 shots off the pace and one over. The Frenchman, who played with a persistent nose bleed in round two on Friday, birdied the last for a round of 68. World number four Sergio Garcia, the highest ranked player in the field, is two over after recording triple bogey sevens at different holes in both of his opening rounds. The tournament is the third event of the European Tour's Race to Dubai Final Series, which culminates with the World Tour Championship in Dubai from 20 to 23 November.
Roger Hayes, 75, from Holsworthy, Devon and son Andy, 39, from Birmingham, died when their twin-seat plane crashed at Pierre-Buffiere on 29 June, 2012. The plane crashed 20 minutes after taking off from nearby Limoges as they flew to the south of France. The coroner, Elizabeth Earland, recorded a verdict of accidental death. Andrew Cope, a senior Air Accident Investigation Board inspector, said an iPad navigation app may have prompted the pilot to make a sharp turn. Mr Cope told the inquest: "I think the pilot, Andrew, probably realised he was in restricted air space and turned around. "That's the point where things start to go awry and the flight path is quite dramatic from then on. "The pilot has now realised he is descending and is manoeuvring the aircraft to get back up. "The problem is that if that is done very quickly it puts a lot of pressure on the wings. "Mr Cope agreed with the findings of French investigators who said the wings probably broke off when they came under too much pressure as Mr Hayes attempted to right the aircraft. Didier Pauliet, who works at a nearby school, said: "The aircraft started losing bits.  A wing fell off violently. "Other bits, some bigger, started falling off. "The rest of the plane fell in one piece almost immediately.  We could see a lot of smoke. "The inquest heard the single-engine Jabiru 450 had been heading to the southern French town of Rodez when it crashed into woodland. Officials said the plane stopped off in Cherbourg on the French Channel coast, then at Le Mans, north west France, before refuelling in Limoges about 100 miles from Rodez.
The crash, which happened at the Rising Sun in North Bradley near Trowbridge at about 06:00 GMT, left a huge hole in the front of the building. Wiltshire Police said the driver was taken to Bath's Royal United Hospital for treatment to his injuries, which are not thought to be serious. Nobody was inside at the time of the crash, officers said.  The building has been deemed to be structurally safe. The road next to the pub was closed for several hours but has since reopened.
The 17-time Grand Slam champion beat France's Gasquet 6-4 6-2 6-2 to give the Swiss an unassailable 3-1 lead. "This one is for the boys," said Federer, who was in tears at the end of the match. "This is not for me, I have won enough.  I am just happy we can give everyone in our country a historic moment. "Federer, 33, also paid tribute to compatriot Stan Wawrinka, who helped set up the victory in Lille by beating Jo-Wilfried Tsonga before partnering Federer to win the doubles. Federer and Wawrinka were involved in a row at the ATP Tour Finals in London, which the world number two later described as "heat of the moment". "Stan has put in so much effort over the years.  He played an unbelievable weekend and that is what gave me the opportunity today," said Federer. Federer, who lost his singles rubber to Gael Monfils on Friday, played an inspired match as he crushed Gasquet, who replaced Tsonga due to an arm injury. In front of a passionate crowd of 27,448 - a world record for a competitive tennis match - Federer dropped only four points on his imperious serve in the opening set, which he sealed with a whipping forehand winner. World number 26 Gasquet dropped serve in the first and seventh games of the second set, which Federer took without conceding a single break point. He broke the Frenchman twice in the final set to serve for the match and claimed victory with a deft backhand drop shot - collapsing in tears onto the clay at the Stade Pierre-Mauroyto. The Swiss win comes a week after Federer pulled out of the Tour Finals title match against Novak Djokovic at the O2 in London to protect a back injury.
The European Space Agency astronaut arrived at the orbiting space lab on Monday, along with two crewmates from Russia and America. But what exactly will she be doing during her time in space?The ISS gives the chance to do scientific experiments that cannot be done on Earth, as the station offers an environment of microgravity. Here we run through a few examples of the experiments on Samantha's 'to do' list. . . Samantha will operate a gadget called an electromagnetic levitator, which can heat metals to 2,000Â°C and then cool them very quickly. This will be a chance to see what happens to different metals when they go from liquid to solid, without the effect of the Earth's gravity. It's hoped the results will reveal more about the physics of the metals and how they work. Samantha will be testing new machine technology and how well they work in space, such as this astronaut joystick. Using a joystick in space may feel very different in space compared to on Earth. So these experiments will see how being in space might affect how well an astronaut can control a space robot or space machinery. Another thing is that equipment may need to be attached to the astronaut so it doesn't float away.  The testing will also see what impact this has. Samantha will be doing lots of experiments to see how being in space affects her body. For example, she will experience 16 sunrises and sunsets every day on the International Space Station and be tested to see how this affects her body clock. Another important subject is food and energy.  Experiments to see how much food an astronaut would need for a long mission will be carried out.  Samantha will record what she eats and her energy levels over a period of time. Other things that will be looked at include how space affects skin and why many astronauts get headaches.
Steve, who presents Deadly 60 on CBBC, says "it's pretty crazy that the word 'bullying' was bandied around. ""It's not a word that should be used lightly and certainly not one that I ever used," he said. The pair dismissed claims earlier this month and Ola's husband James Jordan attacked Strictly producers over it. Ola has now said that she knows people will believe how it was reported by the Daily Mail even if it wasn't true. "Yes they do think it's true," reflects Ola, "and it is hard being on a show for nine years and suddenly being called names, it's very hard". Steve and Ola were in the bottom two on Strictly at the weekend and then lost the dance off so have now left this year's competition. "It's been weird for me," says Steve, "that the job I do has very little press and tabloid attention and all of a sudden having all these stories coming out and not really knowing what to do with it and how to handle it has been probably the biggest learning experience of Strictly for me". In a joint interview, Steve went on to say that "the best thing" to do when the bullying claims surfaced "was to show that we were unified, that we were together as a team and to make sure that we just carried on smiling and carried on dancing and carried on doing our thing. ""And in some ways not to dignify it with a response," he added. "In other ways when it's decisively brought up to answer it as truthfully as we can and I think that we've done that and it will blow over. "If you've been affected by bullying and want to find out about the help that's available, go to The Surgery's homepage on the BBC Radio 1 website.
About 80,000 works of art, ceramics, manuscripts, letters and photographs faced being auctioned to help pay off the pottery firm's pension debt. But a public fundraising campaign launched in September hit its target in just a month. Adminstrators Begbies Traynor said the collection will remain on display at the museum in Barlaston, Staffordshire. The Art Fund, which led the campaign, will gift the collection to the Victoria and Albert Museum, before it is loaned to the Wedgwood Museum. Administrator Bob Young said it had been "incredibly satisfying" to sign off on the sale on Monday. "Today's fantastic outcome wouldn't have been possible without the spirit of goodwill and determination shown during the often complex negotiations," he said. The Wedgwood Museum inherited Waterford Wedgwood plc's pension bill after the firm collapsed in 2009. In 2010 the museum also went into administration, and in 2011 a high court judge ruled its collection could be sold to reimburse the Pension Protection Fund. Alison Wedgwood, whose husband Tom is a direct descendant of company founder Josiah Wedgwood, said the collection was "important" for Staffordshire. The collection risked being "sold and scattered around the globe" had the money not been raised, she added. Tristram Hunt MP, who was involved in the campaign, said the sale was "fantastic news". "The items contained within the Wedgwood collection chart a significant part of Britain's cultural development over centuries and play a crucial part in defining our national identity today," he said.
Mr Obama asked Congress for the funds after a week of nationwide protests over perceived policing injustices. Ferguson in Missouri was rocked by riots after a grand jury decided not to charge a white police officer in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man. Protests spread across the US and a mass walkout was held on Monday. Students and workers held a lunchtime protest in several cities to highlight the issue. "This is not a problem just of Ferguson, Missouri.  This is a national problem, Mr Obama said.  "But it's a solvable problem. "The president spoke after a day of meetings with mayors, civil rights leaders and law enforcement officials at the White House. They discussed a programme that currently provides redundant US military tactical gear to local police departments, free of charge. Mr Obama said he has asked federal agencies for recommendations to ensure the programme is not building a "militarised culture" in domestic police forces. Police in Ferguson, Missouri, were criticised for being heavy-handed in dealing with protests sparked by the shooting of Michael Brown in August. The funds requested by Mr Obama would be spread over three years and some of the money will go towards purchasing 50,000 body cameras for police officers as well as resources to reform law enforcement departments. Body cameras can provide evidence of encounters between police and civilians, particularly in disputed cases such as the Ferguson shooting. The president said the stories of discrimination that young people had told him at the White House on Monday "violate my belief about what America can do". He also unveiled a taskforce on modern policing, to be chaired by Philadelphia police commissioner Charles Ramsey. Also on Monday, a commission tasked with making recommendations on issues stemming from the fatal shooting has convened in Ferguson. The 16-member panel, stood up by Missouri Governor Jay Nixon, will consider changes in areas including public interaction with law enforcement and community stability. The officer who shot Brown in Ferguson, Darren Wilson, resigned from the force over the weekend. The decision not to charge Mr Wilson days earlier triggered a nationwide debate over relations between black communities and law enforcement. The policeman said he had feared for his life. Brown's supporters said the teenager was attempting to surrender when he was shot.  Some witnesses said the 18-year-old, who was unarmed, had his hands up.
The best picture winner also garnered best director awards for Richard Linklater and best supporting actress for Patricia Arquette. It was shot over more than a decade to capture the passage of time in one boy's life from age 5 to 18. The annual critics awards are typically viewed as a pre-cursor to the high-profile and coveted Academy Awards. Other winners include actor Timothy Spall - named best actor for British painter JMW Turner in Mr Turner - and best actress Marion Cotillard for her roles in The Immigrant and Two Days, One Night. Actor JK Simmons won a best supporting actor prize for his role as a terrorising music teacher in Whiplash. The Lego Movie won best animated film, while Ida was named best foreign film.  Citizenfour, about US intelligence whistleblower Edward Snowden, won for best documentary film. Presentation of the awards is scheduled for 5 January in New York. The New York Film Critics Circle, founded in 1935, counts members representing magazines, newspapers and online publications. The awards are considered a bellwether for the Oscars, which will air on 22 February.
The band's set at Seaclose Park will be their only festival show of the year. The set on Sunday 14 June, which will close the festival, will include original member Christine McVie, who recently confirmed that she would be rejoining the band. Festival organiser John Giddings told Newsbeat: "It's the best news I've had in a long while. "He said that he had been asking the band to perform at the Isle of Wight for the last seven years. "Every year I have asked without fail," he revealed.  "I'd like to tell you otherwise but it's true, I have begged them. "Previous acts to headline Isle of Wight Festival include The Who, the Rolling Stones and Paul McCartney. Despite his years of asking the band to perform, John Giddings explained that he thought Fleetwood Mac, whose debut album Peter Green's Fleetwood Mac went to number four in the UK in 1968, didn't need much persuading. He said: "If you're a band of substance, it [Isle of Wight] becomes part of your bucket list really. "Red Hot Chili Peppers, Kings of Leon and Biffy Clyro headlined the event this year. Talking about choosing the rest of the 2015 line-up, John Giddings said: "The problem is when you're looking for some of the top acts in the world, there aren't that many of that calibre. . .  without repeating yourself it becomes harder by the year. "However, the organiser did say there would be some newer acts named on the line-up. "When we announce Friday and Saturday, you will see younger bands.  It's an eclectic mix of past, present and future bands. "The organiser added that the other two headline acts of the festival would be announced soon. Giddings agreed younger bands have the ability to sell festival tickets as well as older bands like Fleetwood Mac and Lionel Ritchie, who has been named as the first act on the Glastonbury 2015 line-up. He said: "I think younger bands of course can do it as well, but the golden age of rock and roll is past. "The music is different now whereby you can download individual songs on iTunes and it becomes hard to name the lead singer of Bastille or Imagine Dragons. "He said "there are lots of groups out there" but added "who is the biggest act out of England that have toured stadiums in the last five years? One Direction. "I think they'd rather be somewhere else than at the Isle of Wight festival. "However, John Giddings did say "there are great new bands out there" and referred to The Black Keys and Royal Blood as "incredible". The Isle of Wight organiser was recently quoted as calling Ed Sheeran "boring" having suggested "we're (the UK) not building headliners any more". He told Newsbeat that "he's jolly good fun" and after saying he'd recently met the 23-year-old added: "He's selling tickets and he's selling records and we should all be grateful for his existence.
Laura Matthews, 29, was told her signature - "L. Skywalker" - infringed a trademark in July this year. She was issued with the document several weeks later, after threatening to take legal action. But she has now been told the passport was issued in error and has been cancelled. Ms Matthews told the BBC the decision has left her feeling "upset, frustrated and disappointed". A Home Office spokesman said: "Protecting the integrity of the UK passport is vital and we do not accept a change of name for frivolous reasons. "In a letter to Ms Matthews, the Passport Office said its "published guidance provides that we will refuse to recognise a change of name. . .  if it is made for a bet or frivolous purpose. "Additionally, in your case, the signature used in the passport is different to your surname and by your own admission was done for 'a laugh'". "Regrettably, an error was made in issuing your passport," the letter said. "I am sorry that the error was made but I have to inform you that your passport will be cancelled. "Ms Matthews, from Southend in Essex, added the middle name using a deed poll in 2008 "for a bit of fun". She had not renewed her passport since adding the moniker, and experienced several weeks of delays when she tried to do so in April. She was told the delays were because her signature "infringed a trademark". Her passport was issued at the end of August after she contacted a law firm specialising in intellectual property law and said she would take legal action unless her application was approved. Ms Matthews said this was the fourth time the Passport Office had changed its mind about her case. "Now I'm not sure if it's my signature they have a problem with, or my middle name," she said. "All I know it's extremely disappointing that I've been let down again by an organisation which doesn't seem to know if it's coming or going. "I don't think I'm going to be able to fight it.  I don't know what else I can do. "The Home Office spokesman added: "We have apologised to the applicant and agreed to meet the cost of a new passport in a name that meets the published guidance.
England Under-18 captain Ryan Ledson was one of four debutants as Roberto Martinez - whose side had already won Group H - gave his youngsters a chance. Laborde ran on to a through ball and checked to score at the near post, with keeper Joel badly positioned. Striker Arouna Kone played 90 minutes as he ended a 14-month injury absence. Kone's inclusion in the Everton line-up was one of 10 changes Martinez made to the side beaten 1-0 at Manchester City in the Premier League last Saturday, with only Gareth Barry retaining his place, as 17-year-old midfielder Ledson made a solid impression. Forward Kieran Dowell - capped by England at Under-18 level along with Ledson - also made his first senior appearance as an early substitute for hamstring injury victim Christian Atsu, while striker Chris Long and midfielder Gethin Jones came on late in the game. But the most impressive of the young players given a chance by Martinez was left-back Luke Garbutt, making only his third Everton start as Leighton Baines was rested. Garbutt, 21, made a number of surging forward runs, the best of which came after a quarter-of-an-hour, when Conor McAleny just failed to connect with his low cross before the ball ran loose for Steven Pienaar's 25-yard shot to be pushed aside by keeper Andrei Sinitsin. The former Leeds United youngster also tested Sinitsin with a second-half drive from out on the left. Joel, making his first Everton appearance since March, suffered a bloody nose in keeping out Wanderson's drive towards the near post shortly after Pienaar's effort at the other end. But the Spanish keeper was at fault as Krasnodar - who were already eliminated - took the lead in the 30th minute.  Laborde escaped Pienaar's attentions to run clear, and although he was forced to check as Joel narrowed the angle, the keeper left his near post open for the Colombian forward to fire in from a tight angle. Kone, harshly booked for an accidental first-half elbow on Vitali Kaleshin, completed his first senior match since suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury in October 2013. He had a smart shot on the turn beaten out by Sinitsin after Tyias Browning's cross was deflected into his path, but Everton could not find an equaliser despite a brighter second half. Everton manager Roberto Martinez: "I thought we saw young players with a lot of talent, but they were very nervous in the first half.  I don't think we saw their real quality in the first half, but in the second half they got rid of that fear and expressed themselves a lot better. "The experience will be really helpful.  They are different players after the game than they were before, and that is part of the development of a youngster. "I know the talent the young players have and I think they have learned a massive lesson about how to enjoy yourself on a football pitch.  I think these young players will be much more ready to compete on a football pitch after this.
For Fahad bin Mohammed Al-Attiya, it is the nightmare scenario.  He is the executive chairman of the Qatar National Food Security Programme. The small Gulf state is 100% dependent on desalinated water. Mr Al-Attiya says such a scenario would threaten the very survival of Qatar and its population of more than two million. "We need to have clean water," he says.  "A situation like the Gulf of Mexico where BP lost two or three million barrels of oil - if that happens in the [Persian] Gulf the consequences would be severely different. "Qatar sits on the world's third largest gas field and is investing billions into mega-reservoirs at home to give it some kind of water security. But water is not the only problem.  Despite being the richest country per capita in the world, Qatar also needs to import 90% of its food. "Qatar is. . .  hydrocarbon-rich," said Mr Al-Attiya, speaking on a special In the Balance discussion on food security for the BBC World Service.  "But certainly water-poor and food-poor. "Not only that, but for our own development we have to import the. . .  labour to develop our country so we need to import even further to feed the nation. "Where the solution to water security is largely domestic, food security involves a tangle of trade, diplomatic and political issues. Qatar joins a growing list of countries that includes other Gulf states, India, China and South Korea, that are not just importing food but buying the land abroad on which it is grown. These countries are often accused of "land grabs" - the buying up of millions of hectares of overseas agricultural land with scant regard for the livelihoods of local farmers or the environment. The charity Oxfam claims land eight times the size of the UK was sold off globally in the last decade, enough to grow food for a billion people. It says that more than 60% of investments in agricultural land by foreign investors between 2000 and 2010 were in developing countries with serious hunger problems. Two-thirds of those investors plan to export everything they produce on that land. But the truth is, for all its wealth, an investor like Qatar can itself be at the mercy of global weather, disease and politics. The price Qatar pays for losing imports is not just financial - it is often the physical loss of food to eat. Mr Al-Attiya points out that many of Qatar's trading relationships fell apart in 2010 when India, Russia and other countries blocked exports in the face of the worst droughts in a century.  "That made countries like ours question how much faith we put in free trade. "So he says that Qatar has to have a bigger vision.  "We will not go in and invest simply to service our population of 2. 5 million people.   It doesn't make any economic sense. "We will go in and invest to service the country, and the region - and the globe at large. "I say there is no direct link between investment in a foreign country and food security of the country that made that investment. "Because the country that received that investment is a sovereign state and it could say, 'Thanks for the investment but in times of crisis I am not going to export that food. ' What we do. . .  is really enhancing the availability of a food at a global level. "Such a global perspective is not the norm.  Land grabs get bad press - for good reasons. Ahmed Soliman, research assistant on the Horn of Africa at Chatham House, says land grabs put pressure on local communities.  "Many of the populations are involved in either subsistence agriculture or very low-level agriculture. "Taking into consideration what is sustainable for them in terms of how they are able to feed their families and future generations is very important.  And when it gets down to national level those concerns are not being met. "But there may be ways of meeting them. Prof Jacqueline McGlade, chief scientist of the UN Environment Programme, says: "The kind of investments the Qataris are talking about is a very 'soft' power, because they are talking about raising the whole global food production system. "But in a more aggressive world perhaps there is space for an investment bond that says if things go horribly wrong and you have denuded the land we're going to use that fund to reinstate some kind of productive farming. "But there is also a need for a relationship between investor and host country that works day-to-day as well as in a crisis. "It's a very complex problem," says Ken Ash, director of trade and agriculture at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). "People are hungry because they are poor, because they don't have money to buy food when they need it.  It isn't just about producing more grain or more rice.  It's about generating income opportunities in rural areas so that people can increasingly feed themselves. "The question of food security could have some very prosaic solutions.  For Prof McGlade it is a question of too much waste.  "It's waste at the farm level, it's waste through the supply chains and delivery, and the lack of refrigeration. "You look under just one tarpaulin and you see the extreme loss of potential at every stage of the food supply.  So if we can tackle food waste at the very beginning then I think food security becomes something that is realisable. "In the Balance's discussion on food security is broadcast at 08:30 GMT on Saturday, 6 December on BBC World Service.
Andrew Sleat, 43, of Blackfold Road, Crawley, was also fined Â£300 at Crawley Magistrates' Court after he was convicted of drinking and driving. About 20 people were evacuated from their homes after the crash in Ardingly High Street on 14 November. Sleat's Ford Mondeo also damaged three cars in the village.
Little is beyond their reach.  Official documents and private communications are made public, and websites blocked.  They hijack CCTV cameras, electronic billboards and network printers. The best known of the virtual warriors are the Ukrainian Cyber Troops, the Cyber Berkut and Anonymous International. All three present themselves as independent activists, separate from other, government-sponsored groups. The most prominent pro-Ukrainians hackers are the Ukrainian Cyber Troops, led by Kiev-based programmer Yevhen Dokukin. Most recently, he claimed to have hacked into two Russian interior ministry servers and an email account used by police in Russia's Rostov region - bordering Ukraine's eastern separatist regions. "I gave all this data to Ukraine's security service, but they still can't get round to analysing it, so do it yourselves," he urged readers on Facebook. Volunteer activist group Inform Napalm sifted through more than 35 gigabytes of the data and found what looked like official reports confirming that Russian military servicemen were among the hundreds of people evacuated to Russia after being wounded in Ukraine. The Ukrainian Cyber Troops make extensive use of one of the most tried and tested tools in cyber warfare, the distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack. "DDoS attacks are the Ukrainian Cyber Troops' artillery," Mr Dokukin likes saying.  Scores of rebel websites were made inaccessible when the Ukrainian Cyber Troops relentlessly bombarded them with fake service requests. To disrupt separatist funding, they target accounts held by rebels in electronic payment systems such as PayPal and WebMoney. The Cyber Troops have also hacked into public CCTV systems in rebel-held areas of eastern Ukraine and monitor them for the movement of troops and military hardware. On 8 December, Yevhen Dokukin claimed to have hijacked network printers in eastern Ukraine and Crimea to print pro-Ukrainian messages and insults against Russian President Vladimir Putin. Some media reports suggest that Ukraine's security services have used information obtained by hackers to direct artillery fire. But officials deny this.  "We only use data obtained by people we trust and know," Ukrainian military spokesman Oleksiy Dmytrashkivsky told the BBC.On the other side of the conflict is Cyber Berkut, a staunchly anti-Western group which takes its name from the riot police used against protesters during the unrest in Kiev that led to the ousting of President Viktor Yanukovych. The group's declared goal is thwarting Ukraine's military plans and thus stopping the "genocide" that it accuses Kiev of unleashing at America's behest.  Its motto is "We won't forgive or forget", and its rhetoric closely resembles that of Russian state media. During US Vice-President Joe Biden's visit to Kiev on 20-21 November, Cyber Berkut hacked several Ukrainian government websites, placing a message on their front pages which read: "Joseph Biden is the fascists' master. "Cyber Berkut claims to have retrieved confidential documents from a mobile device used by one member of Mr Biden's team while it was in Kiev.  The documents appear to detail Washington's military assistance to Ukraine. Another stunt carried out by Cyber Berkut is the apparent hacking of electronic billboards in Kiev, which were made to show a video branding Ukrainian officials and activists "war criminals" and featuring highly graphic images of civilians killed in the current conflict. They also claim to have disrupted the electronic vote-counting systems ahead of October's parliamentary election in Ukraine, to have leaked Ukrainian defence ministry data on losses and desertions, and to have blocked President Petro Poroshenko's website. In addition, Russian tabloid Komsomolskaya Pravda quoted a Facebook conversation allegedly hacked by Cyber Berkut, in which Ukrainian officials appear to admit that their forces downed Malaysia Airlines flight MH17. The claim went largely ignored elsewhere and has never been verified. Russian activist group Anonymous International made its name by publishing leaked documents from the Kremlin.  It is otherwise known as b0ltai or Shaltay Boltay, which translates as "Humpty Dumpty". What is not clear is whether it obtains material through hacking or are given it by Kremlin insiders. The group focuses on Russia's domestic affairs, but some of its material covers Ukraine. In  November it published a letter from a Russian fighter in eastern Ukraine suggesting that locals did not support the separatist forces. And in May it made headlines leaking what it said were emails to and from former Russian FSB colonel Igor Girkin, also known as Strelkov, who was then a key rebel commander in eastern Ukraine. Access to Anonymous International's website is currently blocked in Russia. BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world.  For more reports from BBC Monitoring, click here.  You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
UKIP, which won May's election, spent £2,956,737, while the Tories' campaign expenditure was £2,980,815,The Lib Dems spent £1,580,575 and lost all but one of their MEPs - Labour, which came second, spent £1,027,339. The figures cover the campaign period from 23 January to polling day, 22 May. UKIP's campaign spending works out at 68p for each of their 4,376,635 votes.  For Labour it is 26p per vote, the Conservatives 79p and the Lib Dems, who lost 11 of their 12 MEPs, £1. 45.  The Green Party, which came fourth, spent £534,249 on its campaign - 43p for each of its 1,255,573 votes. Including the SNP's £267,372, the six highest-spending parties spent a total of £9,347,087 on campaigning, the Electoral Commission said. All but Labour spent more than they did during the 2009 European election campaign.
For the media - both in Pakistan and abroad - the issue is clear enough: the Pakistani Taliban did it. Not only has the organisation claimed the attacks.  but the intelligence service ISI also recorded real time messages from handlers to the gunmen in the school. Those messages, the ISI has told journalists, came from the phones of Afghan-based, Pakistani Taliban organisers. But in Peshawar even people who witnessed the attack hesitate to blame the Taliban by name. They not only fear reprisals but are also following the hesitancy of a political elite that remains largely unwilling to name and condemn the Pakistani Taliban in unequivocal terms. Even on the day of the Peshawar school massacre, the Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, failed to condemn the Taliban by name.  He referred only to "terrorists". An alternative narrative relating the school attacks is already emerging: rumours are circulating on social media and on the streets that it was the work of Indian or Afghan intelligence agencies. The fact that some of the attackers appear to have come from Central Asia lends weight to suggestions that there was a foreign hand in the attacks. The emerging analysis of the school massacre echoes that which occurred after the shooting of Malala Yousafzai. Initial shock eventually transformed to the almost mainstream view in Pakistan today that Malala is a western stooge. That's not to say the school massacre has had no impact on public opinion. When a radical cleric attempted to justify the attack this week, protestors gathered outside his mosque in Islamabad chanting anti Taliban slogans. That's new.  But there is still no big name politician prepared openly to lead people with that point of view. That is in part because the Pakistan's civil and military elites are so divided and dysfunctional. The politicians have a number of reasons for leaving the fight against the Pakistan Taliban (TTP) to the army. Privately, government ministers argue that the army's total control of security policy means it is unreasonable for the generals to expect the civilians to take responsibility for what the army decides to do. The politicians are anyway deeply suspicious of an army that has frequently mounted coups to overthrow elected governments. The current Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, was kicked out of power, put in a dungeon and then exiled by the last military ruler Pervez Musharraf. Sharif believes that despite his overwhelming popular mandate the army has never accepted his political comeback in 2013 and is once again plotting to remove him from power. In addition many politicians fear the Taliban. The one party to attempt a political challenge to the Taliban in recent years, the Pashtun nationalist ANP, has faced relentless attacks on senior party cadres. The ANP's stand was also politically disastrous. Far from perceiving the party as a valiant defender of liberal values, the electorate concluded the ANP was weak and unable to defend itself.  The party now has just one member of the National Assembly. But if the politicians loathe the generals, the feeling its entirely mutual. Many officers view Pakistani ministers and parliamentarians as corrupt and depraved, unwilling to put aside their lust for money and to focus instead on the plight of the country. There is deep resentment in the army that when soldiers die in the fight against the Taliban, ministers do not make public speeches appreciating their sacrifices. Ministers rarely go to military hospitals to comfort soldiers injured in the fight against the Taliban. It's estimated as many as 50,000 Pakistanis have been killed in political violence since 9/11. Members of the security forces including both the army and the police account for around 10,000 of those deaths. Successive army chiefs have said that if they are to win the war against the TTP they need the politicians to lead Pakistani public opinion to support their military's campaign. But while the army complains about the politician's failure to take clear line against the Taliban, others wonder how clear cut army policy is. There are now well over 30 significant militant groups with a presence in Pakistan, each with different leadership structures, funding arrangements, ideological foundations and political goals. The three most powerful are the Afghan Taliban, the TTP and the Punjab-based Lashkar-e-Taiba which concentrates its efforts on Kashmir and India. Given the scale of problems faced by the Pakistan army, it is perhaps not surprising that it has decided to fight only those groups that are directly confronting it. That means many Pakistani based militants are free to organise attacks on targets outside of Pakistan.  For example, the anti Indian Lashkar-e-Taiba operates in Pakistan with little difficulty. Western and Indian critics of the Pakistan army believe the army policy in fact goes much further. They allege that the army does not just give some groups a free pass but, in fact, effectively controls them and uses them to advance the military's foreign policy goals. By backing the Afghan Taliban, for instance, it ensures that the power of what Pakistan considers hostile elements such as the Tajiks is kept to a minimum or by backing Lashkar-e-Taiba it can advance the Pakistan cause in the disputed region of Kashmir. The military strongly denies those claims. While the army clearly does distinguish between different militant groups there can be no doubt that for some years now it has been confronting the TTP.And its sometimes brutal campaign has had considerable success. In 2009 the TTP had a high degree of control of 18 administrative units in north west Pakistan including some entire tribal areas. The army campaign of the last few months pushed the TTP out of its last major redoubt in Pakistan; North Waziristan. The TTP are now hemmed into to small pockets of territory in remote areas near the Afghan border,   and its leadership has been forced to take refuge in Afghanistan. Soon after the school massacre the Pakistan army chief Raheel Sharif went to Kabul to demand action against the Afghan-based TTP leader Mullah Fazlullah. He took transcripts of the intercepted school massacre conversations with him. But General Raheel Sharif's request is almost certain to run into a significant obstacle. In return for moving against the TTP leadership on its soil, Afghanistan will expect Pakistan to move against any Afghan Taliban leaders sheltering in Pakistan. It is believed that for many years now senior Afghan Taliban leaders have sought sanctuary in and around the Pakistani city of Quetta. So once again Pakistani regional goals could undermine its fight for stability at home.
The prince visited the Mants'ase Children's Home in Maseru, Lesotho. "Festive cheer! Despite it being 32 degrees, someone gave out Christmas hats and inevitably one found its way on to my head," he wrote. "All the children, orphaned for one reason or another, absolutely loved the hats and balloons. "Prince Harry was supporting the charity Sentebale which assists projects that work with disadvantaged children, many of whom have Aids or have become orphans because of the disease. He was also photographed participating in the building of Mamohato Children's Centre. This will give emotional and psychological support to young people affected by HIV and Aids. The prince visited a Mamohato Network Club in Maseru and said: "These are children who have never had the chance to talk about their illness, and who had no idea that they were one of so many in their age group. "It was really emotional watching them interact with each other.  Some really outgoing chatty kids, others slightly overwhelmed, but all with huge smiles. "This confirmed to me again that what we're doing is going to change thousands of children's lives, and hopefully save a generation. "Prince Harry also revealed his own love of photography and shared some images that he had taken. "I have always enjoyed photography and the challenges that come with trying to capture the perfect shot, although privately I don't take many photos," he said. "The best photos I have are in my head - I have some very special memories, mostly from Africa. "But on this visit, I had the time and opportunity to be on the other side of the camera and take some photos in the stunning country of Lesotho for my charity, Sentebale.
Kingfisher is selling a 70% stake in the business - which has 39 stores and more than 3,000 staff - for £140m. The company had already announced that it was looking for a strategic partner to develop its B&Q business in China. The transaction, which is subject to approval by the Chinese Ministry of Commerce, is expected to be completed in the first half of 2015. As well as B&Q, Kingfisher owns the Screwfix, Brico Depot and Castorama home improvement chains. It also owns 50% of the Koctas brand in Turkey. "I am delighted to have found a strong retail partner who will help us to release the financial value of our business in China," said group chief executive Veronique Laury. "This will enable us to focus our financial resources and management talent on the large and attractive European home improvement market. "Beijing-based Wumei Holdings operates about 650 supermarkets and 10 department stores in China, owning brands such as Wumart, Jingbei Shopping Mall, and Merrymart. Ms Laury recently took over from Ian Cheshire as chief executive.
Broadband speeds in Kingsmere, on the edge of Bicester, rarely exceed 2Mbps, and some homes cannot get a landline. Residents of the 400 homes have put up posters warning potential newcomers of the issue. Developer Countryside Properties said it had provided ducting for the cables but it was up to BT what went in them. BT said it proposed sharing the Â£45,000 cost of providing fibre-optic broadband. The development at Kingsmere is part of the 13,000 homes planned by the government to turn Bicester into one of a new generation of garden cities, announced earlier this month. Resident Matt Maunder said: "I'm a home worker, and I need good broadband to do my job.  We've actually got residents who moved here in August who still don't have a phone line - that's just unacceptable. "I can't carry out my job effectively, I can't take advantage of services like Skype, my family live abroad so I can't get in touch with them as easily as I would like. "Unfortunately we have got people now saying they wish they hadn't moved here because of the way the service is and that's a real shame, particularly because it's been lauded as the latest and greatest housing development in the country. "BT said it had reached an agreement for 726 additional homes yet to be built and a proposal for the existing houses would be ready by 10 January. Countryside Properties said the ducting installed at Kingsmere was based on a design agreed with BT in 2010, based on a copper network. A spokesman said: "It is then BT/Openreach's decision as to whether they would run copper or fibre through the ducting. "Communications Minister Ed Vaizey said: "You wouldn't move into a brand new house in 2014/2015 and not expect to get superfast broadband.  It is unacceptable.
Tshibola, 20, came through the Royals' academy system and signed his first professional contract last summer. He made his professional debut against Nottingham Forest in August. Bingham, 21, joined Mansfield from Wigan Athletic in the summer and has scored four goals in 20 games for the Stags in all competitions. Pools are awaiting clearance from the Football Association and the Football League for the duo to feature against Wycombe Wanderers on Saturday.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe U's are the lowest-ranked team left in the competition, while League One side Rochdale, who knocked out Nottingham Forest, welcome Stoke City. Holders Arsenal visit Brighton, and Chelsea will play Bradford City, who defeated Millwall in a reply. Manchester City host Middlesbrough and Bournemouth travel to Aston Villa.  Ties will be played 23-26 January. "It's a game to look forward to," said Cambridge United head coach Richard Money.  "It is reward for everyone's hard work at the club. "Everyone's suffered during nine years out of the Football League but a lot of people have worked hard and now we've got a draw like this. "Liverpool face a home game against Championship outfit Bolton Wanderers, while West Ham will travel to Bristol City. Sheffield United, who beat Queens Park Rangers in the third round, visit fellow League One side Preston North End. Manchester United, 2-0 winners at Yeovil on Sunday, have won the FA Cup a joint-record 11 times. Cambridge, who are 14th in League Two, beat Luton 2-1 at the Abbey Stadium in the third round. Manchester United and Cambridge last met in the League Cup in 1991, when the Reds won the two-legged tie 4-1 on aggregate.
It has recently attended nine properties in areas including Poole. The service said neighbours were not warned before the devices were set off. It is asking people who wish to use them to contact residents in advance to avoid "false alarms".  British Pest Control Association (BPCA) described them as "aggressive" products. Firefighters have also been called to homes in Bournemouth, Weymouth, Wool, and Woolland, near Hazelbury Bryan. Richard Moseley, technical manager for BPCA, said such devices were used by the association in confined areas such as loft spaces and greenhouses to control pests, including cluster flies. "Imagine a firework with insecticides going off - that's what you're dealing with," he said. "Sometimes smoke can be seen externally and in cases such as these we would inform the local fire service, but it's not something an amateur would always think of. "They are not advised for use in living areas, such as kitchens or sitting rooms, where there is a greater risk of contamination, he said. He added there was a "lack of knowledge" with over-the-counter products.
A batch of pills with the superman logo containing the chemical PMMA may still be in circulation according to the police. Dr Adam Winstock from the Global Drugs Survey, a drugs research organisation, says if the people making the pills are ruthless "they will be changing the colour and the logo". "Don't assume that because a pill has a different logo, it is safe," he says. "I guarantee if there is someone dodgy out there, they won't be pressing more pills with the superman logo on. "Suffolk police are searching for ecstasy pills containing PMMA following the deaths of three men in Suffolk and one in Shropshire. ParaMethoxyMethylAmphetamine (PMMA)  is a highly toxic class-A drug. Dr Winstock describes it as "a potent hallucinogenic stimulant" that has been around for about 20 years. It acts more slowly than MDMA (the main component of ecstasy), he warns, so people often think it isn't working which makes it very easy to overdose. "Early warning signs are that you feel more agitated and less nice than usual," he says. "And then you get the other things like nausea, shaking, blurred vision, overheating, anxiety, agitation - symptoms you also get with pills that have a very high dose of MDMA in. "He says PMMA is not a drug that people take intentionally. He believes it's possible that "someone has made a large batch of PMMA, is trying to get rid of it and is flogging it off to various groups who unwittingly are packaging it as MDMA tablets". The rogue pills may have come from the Netherlands, he says, as they appear to "be the same 'superman' pills that were found in Amsterdam a couple of months ago". Dr Winstock says most pills and powders sold as MDMA do contain MDMA - and pills containing PMMA are rare. He says last year his team at the Global Drugs Survey "searched high and low to find tablets that had PMMA in and it was really, really hard. "So my guess it that there are just pockets of the drug out there. "Dr Winstock says there's no way of testing if a pill contains PMMA - and claims home-testing kits are not effective. "If you're not coming up after an hour, it's not MDMA, so bin it," he says.  "Don't think taking more of a rubbish drug is going to take your night better. "He says "old school things" like staying well hydrated and keeping your temperature down much harder if you've taken PMMA, as the drug makes you overheat and dehydrate more than MDMA."The most important thing  is to look out for your mates", he says. "Don't take people's word for it if they say they are ok.  If you're worried - you act.  Call an ambulance. "He says it's safer for one person in a group of friends to take a small amount of a drug to tests its effects, than for a whole group to take a full dose at the same time. Dr Winstock says: "There has been an increase in deaths involving PMMA in the last three years. "He believes the chemical has been implicated in at least 22 deaths in the past year.
Market Cross Jewellers on Linthorpe Road in Middlesbrough was targeted on Tuesday by men carrying what were thought to be axes. No-one was injured, and police have not released any details of what was taken. In November, watches, and diamonds worth hundreds of thousands of pounds were stolen during a raid at the store's branch in Yarm. A 24-year-old man from Manchester was arrested on 8 January in connection with that robbery and later bailed pending further inquiries. Temporary Det Ch Insp John Ward said: "There are clearly similarities between [yesterday's] robbery and the one that took place in Yarm in November and numerous lines of inquiry are being pursued in both cases. "Officers would like to speak to anyone who may have seen, or have knowledge of, a silver Citroen C Crosser motor vehicle bearing the registration plates MK60 XCD."We believe this vehicle was involved in the [Middlesbrough] robbery and it was later discovered abandoned in the car park next to Leader timber merchants on Newport Road, Middlesbrough. "We would also appeal to local hoteliers and to those who run local bed and breakfast venues to alert us should they have had any guests who may have raised their suspicions over recent days and who may have spoken with a North West accent.
His is one of dozens of cases opened by authorities in a crackdown on condoning or threatening terrorism. Justice Minister Christiane Taubira said words of hatred and contempt had to be fought with the "utmost vigour". Dieudonne already has convictions for inciting anti-Semitism and the courts banned several one-man shows last year. A judicial source quoted by AFP news agency said he was due to be released on Wednesday evening but would face trial at a later date. The justice ministry said earlier that 54 cases had been opened since the murders of 17 people in Paris last week.  Of those, 37 cases involved condoning terrorism and 12 were for threatening to carry out terrorist acts. Some fast-track custodial sentences have already been handed down under anti-terror legislation passed last NovemberThe justice minister said prosecutors should act firmly and quickly against anyone found condoning terrorism or carrying out racist or anti-Semitic acts. Dieudonne is already facing an inquiry into whether he condoned terrorism in a video in which he mocked the decapitation of US journalist James Foley by Islamic State militants. If found guilty, he could face up to seven years in jail and a â‚¬5,000 (Â£3,800; $5,900) fine. Hours after 3. 7 million people took part in rallies across France on Sunday, with the biggest in the centre of Paris, Dieudonne said on his Facebook page that the "historic" march had been as magical as the Big Bang that had created the universe. "I'm finally going home," he wrote.  "Know that this evening, as far as I'm concerned, I'm feeling like Charlie Coulibaly [French:  je me sens Charlie Coulibaly]. "He combined the "Je suis Charlie" ("I am Charlie") slogan adopted across the world in support of the 17 victims of the Paris attacks with the name of one of the three Paris gunmen, before deleting the remark a short time later. Coulibaly killed a policewoman near a Jewish school last Thursday before going on to hold up a kosher supermarket the following day when he murdered four Jewish hostages. Dieudonne's comment drew an angry response on Monday, with Prime Minister Manuel Valls saying that freedom of speech should not be confused with anti-Semitism, racism and Holocaust denial. After Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said he had asked the authorities to investigate Dieudonne's remarks, the comedian posted a response on his Facebook page, arguing that he was being treated as public enemy number one when all he wanted to do was make people laugh. "I'm being seen as an Amedy Coulibaly when I'm no different from Charlie," he said. The murders at Charlie Hebdo by the Kouachi brothers were widely seen as an assault on freedom of speech, on a magazine that has frequently launched withering attacks on religion, with depictions of the Prophet Muhammad. The publication of a new issue of Charlie Hebdo on Wednesday was so sought-after that the publishers increased the print run to 5m copies. Dieudonne's detention immediately drew claims of double standards from some quarters in France. But French daily Le Monde pointed out (in French) that French law limited freedom of speech and it did not extend to incitement to hatred or racism, anti-Semitism and homophobia. In 2007, the then editor of Charlie Hebdo, Philippe Val, was cleared of inciting hatred against Muslims for reprinting cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad. Dieudonne was himself acquitted last year over comments made in a video in which he called for the release of a man who tortured and murdered Ilan Halimi, a Jewish man, in Paris in 2006. His trademark "quenelle" gesture has been criticised as an inverted Nazi salute although he argues it was intended to be anti-establishment.
Media playback is unsupported on your device14 January 2015 Last updated at 18:28 GMTThe carriage has spent four months at Locomotion, the National Railway Museum in Shildon. It took the World War Two prime minister's coffin from London to Oxfordshire in 1965. The restoration cost about Â£30,000. Look North's Ian Reeve reports.
The justices said they would hear a combined case about marriage bans in four states. But a supreme court ruling on the cases could fully legalise gay marriage in the US.The court previously struck down a US law preventing federal recognition of marriages in states allowing same-sex unions. After that ruling, a wave of decisions in the regional federal appeals courts ended numerous state gay marriage bans. Thirty-six states and the District of Columbia now issue marriage licences to same-sex couples.  Fourteen state bans remain. On Friday, the justices said they would take up cases from gay and lesbian plaintiffs in Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio and Tennessee. In November, a US appeals court overturned rulings striking down marriage bans in those four states, the first appeals court to do so since the Supreme Court's initial gay marriage ruling. The US high court previously declined to intervene in cases that had made it to the appeals court level, effectively allowing marriages to go forward. During two-and-a-half hours of arguments, the justices will consider two related questions - whether the US constitution requires states to issue marriage licences to gay and lesbian couples and whether states must recognise such marriages performed in other states. The case will be argued in April and a decision is expected by late June.
The 25-year-old, who is 6ft 9ins tall, joined the Minstermen from Tranmere Rovers on a two-year deal in May, but has only made five appearances. Mooney's first stint in professional football in England was at Wycombe and he spent time at Conference North side Oxford City before joining Tranmere. He is available for Alfreton's game against Welling United on Saturday.
Congo needed a draw to progress and went ahead when Thierry Bifouma swept home Ferebory Dore's cross. Burkina Faso required a win and offered little until the last 10 minutes when Aristide Bance scored at the far post. Congo won it in the 87th minute when goalkeeper Germain Sanou punched the ball on to the shoulder of Fabrice Ondama and it trickled into the net. Congo's qualification added to the remarkable record of manager Claude LeRoy, who has now achieved seven quarter-finals in eight appearances at the tournament with five different countries. Congo had the best chance of a very disappointing first half in the 21st minute when Delvin N'Dinga played in Bifouma on the left-hand side of the penalty area, but the striker dragged the ball wide of the far post. Burkina Faso, who reached the final of the last tournament in 2013, finally woke up as the match approached half-time. First Jonathan Pitroipa set up Prejuce Nakoulma, who could not control the ball and Congo goalkeeper Christoffer Mafoumbi rushed out to clear. Then Pitroipa received a pass inside the area, chested it down but sent his shot high over the bar. The second half started in a much more eventful way with Dore heading a good chance past the near post from a 47th-minute corner. Burkina Faso almost took the lead in remarkable fashion three minutes later. Goalkeeper Sanou cleared the ball downfield from well inside his own penalty area and it reached the opposite area where it bounced over his counterpart Mafoumbi and rolled just past the post. Bifouma put Congo in front a minute later from close range from a right-wing cross by Dore, who seemed to be clearly offside when he received the ball. Burkina Faso needed to score twice to have a hope of going into the last eight but rarely looked likely to do that. Congo nearly added to their lead with a 72nd-minute free-kick, but N'Dinga's powerful shot was saved by Sanou. Burkina Faso finally found the net in the 81st minute when Mafoumbi spilled an Alain Traore free-kick, but substitute Issiaka Ouedraogo's finish was ruled out for offside. Bance gave Burkina Faso's fans fleeting hope when he scored from Ouedraogo's cross, but 90 seconds later it was all over when the ball went in off Ondama as Congo secured victory. Congo coach Claude LeRoy:"It's incredible.  I feel a lot of emotion and incredible happiness. "We conceded a goal that shouldn't have stood because there was a foul on Bissiki at the start of the move, but although a 1-1 draw would have been enough, we hit back right away. "We have come from nowhere.  We knocked out Nigeria, the reigning champions, and now we have beaten Burkina Faso, who were runners-up last time.  Anything that happens from now on is a bonus. "Burkina Faso coach Paul Put:"The luck was not on our side.
Persistent showers fell through the first half and the rain became extremely heavy during half-time and in the early stages of the second half. Puddles appeared on the pitch but play continued and the rain finally stopped. Zambia's Evans Kangwa missed a great chance late on while Antonio Varela earlier headed over at the other end. Cape Verde missed out on qualifying on goals scored after only finding the net once in three matches, with a penalty, compared to DR Congo's two strikes. The weather will be the main talking point in a match from which either side could have qualified for the quarter-finals. Tunisia's first-half goal against DR Congo left Cape Verde, who only needed a draw to go through, in pole position but the equaliser in that match meant that both teams progressed. Zambia, winners in 2012, needed a victory to progress and Rainford Kalaba came close to putting his side ahead in the 24th minute when he cut inside and hit a shot which deflected past the post. Seven minutes later, Zambia failed to clear a free-kick which was hit deep into their penalty area and the ball broke to Calu who blazed over the bar. Kalaba caused Cape Verde more problems three minutes before half-time when his free-kick from 25 yards forced goalkeeper Vozinha to punch the ball away. But the Blue Sharks nearly went ahead seconds before the interval when Varela stooped to meet a free-kick six yards out but could only head over the top. The early stages of the second half were farcical with players struggling to keep their footing and pass the ball more than a few yards at times. But the match continued and as the rain stopped falling, the conditions eased for the players. Cape Verde substitute Djaniny tried his luck from 20 yards out midway through the second half but Zambia goalkeeper Kennedy Mweene was equal to it. Djaniny caused more problems nine minutes later when he combined with fellow substitute Odair Fortes but he could not quite beat Mweene. Zambia's moment arrived in the 78th minute when a lovely centre from Chisamba Lungu set up Kangwa but he somehow missed the target from 10 yards. Cape Verde coach Rui Aguas:"I'm very sad and disappointed with the result but not with my players.  They did all they could. "We missed a lot of chances in three games but we gave 100 per cent, we gave our all. "Zambia and us were the best teams in the group.  For Congo there is happiness.  One goal makes all the difference, one miss makes all the difference.  Football is often cruel and it is now our turn to feel it. "Zambia coach Honour Janza: "It is sad but let us be positive that the future looks bright for our team, the young boys we came with here will be a force in African football in the next two to three years. "Match ends, Cape Verde Islands 0, Zambia 0. Second Half ends, Cape Verde Islands 0, Zambia 0. Attempt missed.  Mukuka Mulenga (Zambia) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Offside, Zambia.  Emmanuel Mbola tries a through ball, but Rainford Kalaba is caught offside. Attempt blocked.  Calú (Cape Verde Islands) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Attempt blocked.  Héldon (Cape Verde Islands) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Héldon (Cape Verde Islands) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Stoppila Sunzu (Zambia). Offside, Cape Verde Islands.  Rodrigues tries a through ball, but Fernando Varela is caught offside. Calú (Cape Verde Islands) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Mukuka Mulenga (Zambia). Attempt saved.  Rainford Kalaba (Zambia) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Mukuka Mulenga. Rodrigues (Cape Verde Islands) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Patrick Ngoma (Zambia). Substitution, Zambia.  Mukuka Mulenga replaces Given Singuluma. Kuca (Cape Verde Islands) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Davies Nkausu (Zambia). Gegé (Cape Verde Islands) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Patrick Ngoma (Zambia). Offside, Cape Verde Islands.  Rodrigues tries a through ball, but Odaïr Fortes is caught offside. Attempt saved.  Stoppila Sunzu (Zambia) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner.  Assisted by Chisamba Lungu with a cross. Substitution, Cape Verde Islands.  Kuca replaces Carlitos. Corner,  Zambia.  Conceded by Fernando Varela. Attempt missed.  Evans Kangwa (Zambia) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left.  Assisted by Patrick Ngoma. Offside, Cape Verde Islands.  Carlitos tries a through ball, but Héldon is caught offside. Evans Kangwa (Zambia) is shown the yellow card. Evans Kangwa (Zambia) has gone down, but that's a dive. Substitution, Cape Verde Islands.  Odaïr Fortes replaces Toni Varela. Offside, Cape Verde Islands.  Fernando Varela tries a through ball, but Héldon is caught offside. Hand ball by Nuno Rocha (Cape Verde Islands). Attempt missed.  Patrick Ngoma (Zambia) header from the centre of the box misses to the left.  Assisted by Rainford Kalaba with a cross. Foul by Rodrigues (Cape Verde Islands). Donashano Malama (Zambia) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Zambia.  Patrick Ngoma replaces Lubambo Musonda. Stopira (Cape Verde Islands) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Lubambo Musonda (Zambia). Attempt missed.  Nuno Rocha (Cape Verde Islands) right footed shot from outside the box is too high.  Assisted by Toni Varela. Héldon (Cape Verde Islands) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Donashano Malama (Zambia). Stopira (Cape Verde Islands) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
She's told Newsbeat that she's written a couple of songs for Gwen Stefani's new album but wouldn't reveal any more information. This will be Gwen's first solo album since 2006. The Voice USA coach has already dropped her single Baby Don't Lie but hasn't revealed any more about her new album. Online reports suggest that one of the tracks that Charli has written is called Start a War. "I've done some stuff for the Gwen Stefani record that's coming out.  I'm really excited about that, because obviously she's incredible," she said. "And there are a couple of other things in the pipeline that I can't really talk about. "There are rumours that she's also written songs for Rhianna. Charli co-wrote the track Fancy with Iggy Azalea, which has been Grammy nominated for record of the year and best pop duo/group performance. She has also been nominated for Brit and Rita Ora will feature on her next single, Doing It. The 22-year-old says she wants to be recognised as both a performance artist and a songwriter. "I don't see why I can't do both.  You know, I write songs for people, I perform songs as well and I'm not trying to do one or the other.  I'm just trying to like, take over the world, slowly but surely. "The songs she's penned have clocked up enough royalties to be able to buy her a home. "It really is amazing.  I never really thought that that would happen, but yes, it's incredible.
The firm, which makes a vast array of consumer products including Ben & Jerry's ice-cream, Lipton tea and Dove soap, said sales fell 2. 7% to €48. 4bn ($56. 1bn; £37. 1bn). Excluding the effect of acquisitions and unfavourable exchange rates, underlying sales rose 2. 9%,Analysts had expected a 3. 1% rise. Despite the weaker-than-expected sales, Unilever reported a 7% rise in pre-tax profit to €7. 6bn for the full year. Unilever chief executive Paul Polman said it had been a "challenging year for our industry", and warned he did not expect a "significant improvement" in market conditions in 2015. "We expect our full-year performance to be similar to 2014 with the first quarter being softer but growth improving during the year". Unilever said underlying sales growth in emerging markets, where it makes more than half its sales, slowed to 5. 7%. The firm has been hit hard by a combination of slowing growth in China, a recession in Brazil as well as western sanctions on Russia. Unilever cut 1,400 jobs last year and Mr Polman said due to the "low growth environment" it would continue to cut costs and simplify the business. The firm has recently sold a number of its products, including its Slim-Fast brand and Ragu and Bertolli pasta sauces.
"Hope made a poor decision that has resulted in a negative impact on US Soccer and her team-mates," head coach Jill Ellis said. Solo, 33, will now miss matches on 8 February against France and 13 February against England. This month, domestic violence charges against Solo were dropped. In 2012, Solo, tested positive for a banned substance a month before winning a second Olympic gold medal. She maintained she was not aware the pre-menstrual medication she had been prescribed contained a banned substance and she was cleared of any wrongdoing. The US are preparing for the Women's World Cup in Canada in June when they will aim to win their third title following victories in 1991 and 1999. The latest incident surrounding Solo concerns a training camp being held by the team in Carson, California. Solo's husband, former Seattle Seahawks NFL player Jerramy Stevens, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in Los Angeles in the early hours of Monday morning. Media reports claimed Solo was in the car but she was not cited in the incident by Manhattan Beach police officials. Solo tweeted: "I think it's best for me to take a break, decompress from the stress of the last several months and come back mentally and physically ready to positively contribute to the team.
It's been almost a year since the 26-year-old released her last single. McCartney is one of the most celebrated artists of the 20th century, selling over 100 millions albums worldwide, as part of the Beatles, Wings and as a solo artist in his own right. West has previously collaborated with both Rihanna and McCartney, though never before as a trio. Four Five Seconds is a move away from Rihanna and West's previous work together on All of the Lights (from West's album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy) and Run This Town, where the pair teamed up with Jay Z.This time the track is a slower, acoustic guitar-driven number. West played a snippet of Four Five Seconds to industry experts at the iHeartMedia music summit on Wednesday. It's yet to be confirmed if the song will appear on an album by any of the artists. Though producer Ty Dolla $ign did tell Billboard earlier this month that the song is likely be part of West's upcoming release. It follows West's own collaboration with McCartney at the beginning of the year. When Only One was released, a spokesperson for West said that the song would be the first "publicly available recording from what has become a prolific musical collaboration between these two legendary artists. "The pair began working together in Los Angeles last year. At the time a statement noted, it began with "a simple brainstorming session between the two, with McCartney improvising on the keyboards and Kanye vocally sketching and shaping ideas in a stream-of-consciousness riff. "It's possible Four Five Seconds was also a result of these sessions. 72-year-old McCartney has a long history of collaborations with other artists, singing duets with Stevie Wonder, Michael Jackson and George Michael.
Two special concerts at the Royal Albert Hall will see pupils perform their own response to 10 pieces of classic music. The Ten Pieces project was announced last year as part of an initiative to inspire primary school children to learn more about classical music. Each Prom will feature pupils playing music, as well as dance, film and animation. The schoolchildren's work will run alongside the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, which will play the original 10 pieces of music, which include Mozart, Handel and Holst. Blue Peter's Barney Harwood and children's TV presenters Dick and Dom will host the concerts on 18 and 19 July, the opening weekend of this year's Proms. The Saturday concert will be broadcast live on BBC Radio 3, while the Sunday concert will be recorded for future broadcast on BBC Radio 2. Last June, the BBC announced ten pieces of classical music aimed at inspiring schoolchildren to create their own works. Since October 2014, some 8,500 primary school pupils have signed up to take part in the scheme, which offers musical workshops from local arts organisations as well as an online film about classical music, which has been seen by more than 120,000 children so far. The schoolchildren are being invited to submit their "creative responses" to the music to the Ten Pieces website, as either films, audio recordings or images, by the end of March. The full 2015 BBC Proms season will be announced in April. John Adams: Short Ride in a Fast MachineBeethoven: Symphony No.  5 (1st movement)Britten: 'Storm' Interlude from Peter GrimesGrieg: In the Hall of the Mountain King from Peer GyntHandel: Zadok the PriestHolst: Mars from The PlanetsAnna Meredith: Connect ItMozart: Horn Concerto No.
Some have asked to remain anonymous so have only given their first names. The minute's silence went relatively well because we only had two incidents.  The pupils involved showed reticence so they had a chat with the civics teachers. The school was at the heart of the events, close to the Charlie Hebdo offices.  One of my students heard the shots being fired by the Kouachi brothers.  Many of our pupils skateboard in Place de la Republique.  It all meant a lot to them.  They needed to make sense what had happened. We discussed the issues: it was the first act of war in Paris for a long time.  We talked about caricatures, blasphemy, freedom of speech.  A few loudmouths said: "They [Charlie Hebdo] were asking for it. " We discussed this in class and some of them ultimately revised their opinion.  So what we had was mostly blustering. It was very spontaneous.  On the Thursday morning I saw some of my final-year students as I came in.  They asked me for adhesive tape because they wanted to make banners.  They took the initiative very quickly.  They went to see the head teacher to get authorisation for their plan.  They made a speech to younger students after the minute of silence on Friday, then demonstrated across the city, and of course took part in the main [unity] rally on Sunday. The initial reaction was one of unanimous revulsion among pupils.  On the Thursday everyone agreed that you don't kill people because you are offended by drawings, regardless of your beliefs. On the Friday, frictions started to creep in.  Then there was the mass "Je suis Charlie" demonstration at the weekend.  When the pupils returned to school on the Monday, the disruption began.  Two pupils found conspiracy theories on the internet: The Kouachi brothers were innocentâ€¦ Wasn't it strange that police had found the ID card left in the car? It was obviously a plot by intelligence servicesâ€¦I asked what purpose there could be in killing people of various ethnicities and religions.   They came back with the answer: "To sully Islam. " I was surprised because those two boys of North African origin had never said that sort of thing.  But they were defiant.  I represented the official version, and they had access to a hidden truth. Problems in the school system run deep.  Courses on the Enlightenment, for instance, can be a problem.  In a class last week I was analysing an article by Voltaire on religious fanaticism, which is on the national curriculum.  As I was talking, the pupils were listening so intently that there was silence.  Suddenly two of them made increasingly loud snoring noises that ended up covering my voice. Secularism is not the only sensitive issue.  It is also difficult to teach colonial wars.  You will be challenged, some will whistle or hum to stop you talking.  You will be accused of dishing out propaganda.  I noticed an abrupt change in 2001, when I was teaching in an immigrant suburb.  My students refused to observe a minute's silence for the victims of 9/11.  The most radical among them started singing Hamas songs.  I was a young teacher and did not know what to do. Discipline is a big problem.  When people talk in class and the teacher tells them to be quiet, a common retort is: "I'm not talking to you" - meaning you're interrupting my conversation.  What plays against me is that I am a woman - some pupils will not respect me. If I have two or three troublemakers per class here, I can only imagine what it must be like for my colleagues who have remained in deprived suburbs.  Boosting civics courses and encouraging pupils to sing the Marseillaise (as the education minister suggested following 200 reported incidents during the minute's silence) does not go nearly far enough to tackle the underlying problems. When I heard pupils recycling conspiracy theories after the Charlie Hebdo attacks, it reminded me of 9/11.  The very next day, on 12 September, a boy said in class that Jews were behind the attack.  He knew this because there were no Jews in the twin towers at the time.  I said: "You must be really smart! We still don't know the number of victims, but you already have the list, with their religion. " Everybody laughed.  The kid felt a bit silly and I defused the situation that way. When I am confronted with that sort of thing I now use texts by Hitler, Stalin, Bin Laden and other classics of the conspiracy genre to show the similarities between their visions of the world: a hidden elite is pulling the strings - often the same people incidentally.  And I show that such ideas have serious consequences: tens of millions of people killed in the case of Nazism and Stalinism. It can be tricky teaching some subjects - such as the Holocaust, colonial wars, or the Middle East - but this is mostly a problem of teacher training.  When a kid tells you a genocide has been committed by the French in Algeria or by the Israelis in Gaza, you have to refer to the official definition of a genocide and see whether its applies.  You are going to be challenged: background knowledge and a good relationship with pupils are vital to meet that challenge. Today teachers are competing with other sources of information - notably social networks and the internet.  Teachers are no longer the ultimate source of knowledge.   So you have to be extremely strong on learning in order to have authority.  And if there is an emotional bond with the pupils, you can deliver any message. On the Thursday (a day after the Charlie Hebdo attack) I was shaken by what I had seen on TV.  I spoke to the head teacher, who gave me permission to post a "Je suis Charlie" banner in my classroom.  But he also said something that surprised me: he would not force teachers to enforce the minute's silence (declared by the education minister) on the Friday.  He had anticipated problems - but I had not.  I could not imagine that pupils would not observe a minute's silence. Then I faced my class of 14 to 15-year-olds, with whom I have a wonderful relationship.  I asked how they felt about the events of the previous day, without giving my own reaction.  Their response hit me in the guts: "Miss, the journalists got what was coming to them"; "You should not mock the Prophet. "  Only the Muslim pupils spoke - about a third of the class.  The others did not say a word.  When they saw the tear on my face, they held back: they did not want to upset me. In my younger class, they were even more virulent.  "When you receive death threats you have to stop what you are doing," they said.  On the Friday they all observed the minute's silence, but I did not feel it was out of respect for the victims - but out of respect for me.  Some of my colleagues who do not have that sort of relationship with their pupils had problems; others did not observe it at all. More recently, a boy mimicked the killings in a corridor, firing an imaginary Kalashnikov and shouting "Allahu Akbar" (God is great, in Arabic). I thought the battle of secularism had been won, and that after several years in school they had absorbed all this.  But I now realise that this is not the case.  But I will not give up.  I will continue to fight for my convictions.  I am a daughter and granddaughter of teachers: secularism and the values of the Republic are in my genes.  If there were more teachers like me - more teachers who believe in what they do and stop looking the other way, things would be better.
The US posted annualised growth of 2. 6% for the fourth quarter - lower than the 3% projected by economists. The figure was weaker than the 5% growth in the third quarter of 2014. However, the dramatic slide in fuel prices in recent months has put more money in consumers' pockets and allowed them to spend more. Consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of US economic activity, rose by 4. 3% in the fourth quarter - the fastest rise in nearly nine years - and higher than the 3. 2% for the third quarter. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said: "It took us a while to get here, but I think the economy is finally off and running. "We are seeing a number of positive developments.  Businesses are hiring aggressively and the big drop in gas prices means that people have more money to spend on other items. "The near-60% slide in oil prices in the plast seven months has cut the price of petrol to about $2 per gallon, or the equivalent of Â£1. 32 for 4. 5 litres.  That is little more than British drivers pay for just one litre of petrol. The fall has saved Americans about $175bn, Mr Zandi said: "A big part of growth this year will be people spending their gas savings. "For 2014 as a whole, the economy expanded by 2. 4% - better than the 2. 2% for the previous 12 months. The report came two days after the Federal Reserve said the US economy was expanding at a "solid pace", but said it will "remain patient" in determining when to raise interest rates.  The main rate has been held at close to zero since December 2008. Some economists believe an increase could come in middle of the year, but Chris Williamson, chief economist at Markit, said Friday's data could delay a rise until late this year or even early 2016. He feared that the US economy was too reliant on consumer spending given that business investment fell by an annualised rate of 1. 9% - the biggest decline since the second quarter of 2009.  "Ideally, a sustainable economic upturn requires business spending to be rising alongside consumer expenditure. ""While Markit's Flash PMI survey data signalled a further robust expansion of private sector business activity in January, the latest reading was the second weakest for 11 months and points to GDP growth sliding to 2% in the first quarter," Mr Williamson added. "Companies also reported the weakest monthly increase in new orders since the recession, suggesting the pace of economic growth could weaken even further in February.
World champions Mercedes, runners-up Red Bull and third-placed Williams showed off their new designs in the pit lane before beginning preparation work. Eight teams are in Jerez discovering whether the months of design work on revising their machines has paid off. Force India have missed the test because their 2015 car is late. The big secret was the Red Bull, as Mercedes and Williams had already released pictures or images of their challengers. It was launched in a temporary camouflage livery, similar to those used by road-car manufacturers when they are testing new models. What could be seen, however, was that the car features a nose design that combines elements of last year's Ferrari with the "bump" on the tip featured on the new Williams. "There are some changes that affect the shape of the front of the car but beyond that most of the changes are under the skin," Red Bull chief engineering officer Rob Marshall said. "There won't be a lot that's visible to the naked eye but a lot of hard work has gone into the bits that are hidden. "The Mercedes, like the other cars, is an evolution of last year's dominant machine, but it features notable differences, including a narrower and longer nose and narrower rear bodywork. "The key factor from our perspective is avoiding complacency.  Expectations are now high and a lot of assumptions are being made about our potential this season," Mercedes executive director (technical) Paddy Lowe said. "Internally, however, we are fully aware that you can never afford to stand still in any sport - particularly F1. "We have been pushing harder than ever to find areas for performance gains.  But at the same time, we must ensure we are moving in the correct direction. "Some changes will be more visually obvious, of course, but the devil is in the detail.  Beneath the covers there have been a raft of developments on both chassis and power-unit - all aimed at creating a car that is safer, more efficient, more reliable and ultimately faster. "Sir Frank Williams said his team's target, after leaping from ninth to third last season, was "to continue their move back towards the front of the grid". The new FW37 bears a strong resemblance to its predecessor, but has an unusual nose design to  meet the new rules aimed at increasing safety, with a bump protruding from a square section at the front. Elsewhere, Sebastian Vettel was the first man out of the pit lane as he began work for his new team, Ferrari. And McLaren had a delayed start as they begin their much-anticipated era with new engine partner Honda.  Fernando Alonso will drive on Sunday before alternating with Jenson Button for the rest of the test. Button wrote on his Twitter account: "Don't expect too much from us this test as it'll be mostly systems checks", adding that McLaren-Honda faced a "long road" but had "massive potential".
The 27-year-old was caught on camera apparently swearing at Murray's semi-final opponent Tomas Berdych's team. Murray had defended Sears, saying: "In the heat of the moment, you can say stuff that you regret. "But Sears made light of the issue for the final against Novak Djokovic.
Yet again, you feel for the families of those killed on board, and the people that actually survived the ordeal. It seems never ending.  In less than a year two Malaysian aircraft have been lost, with 537 people on board. The AirAsia accident - en route to Singapore in December - killed 162.  It is not just the accidents.  It's the fact that whole aircraft are going down without warning. You would be forgiven for thinking that flying is becoming more lethal. But you would be wrong. In fact, when you look at the number of crashes and fatalities compared to the huge number of people flying today (3. 2 billion passengers last year), we are in a golden era of aircraft safety. According to safety analysts Ascend, 2014 was narrowly the safest year ever, with one fatal accident per 2. 38 million flights, compared to every 1. 91 million flights the year before. It must be noted that that does not include the loss of the Malaysian airliner over Ukraine, where 298 people died, which they count as a war loss rather than an accident. But even with that flight added it is not a terrible year, historically. Another respected organisation, the Aviation Safety Network, registers 21 fatal accidents in 2014 (this time including Ukraine), compared to 29 in 2013 and 23 the year before that. Nearly 1,000 people died in 2014, which is 700 more than the year before. Horrible numbers, but compare that to the worst year, 1972, when 2,370 passengers were killed - and far fewer people were flying then, maybe a quarter of the number travelling today. So why is flying getting safer? Well, technology. "Think of your car in the 1970s", David Learmount, from Flightglobal tells me. "The brakes, the handling, the lack of safety features.  Well, aircraft are exactly the same. "We knew most things about aerodynamics by the 1940s.  What has changed is the technology. "Every new generation of aircraft has been safer than the one before.  Better computers, design, materials. But there is another sobering factor at play here too.  Every tragedy has taught designers something new. Go back a couple of decades and the biggest killer was something called Controlled Flight Into Terrain (CFIT). A benign name with a morbid outcome, it normally involved a perfectly serviceable aircraft coming into land, then hitting something on the ground without the crew even knowing it was there. Many airports are near hills. Then along came a piece of equipment that was to transform safety: the Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning System. "It's like a sat nav that can help you thread your way through hills and mountains, even in clouds", David says. Here is another example of how disaster has led to safer flying. In 1985 a British Airtours aircraft was taking off from Manchester Airport, en route to Corfu. The pilots aborted at the last minute because one of the engines failed, but the aircraft was also on fire. Fifty-four people died fleeing the smoke, the aisles were jammed with passengers panicking to get out. Next time you fly, look at the floor. You will probably see strip lights along both sides of the aisle, then they turn and lead to each exit. That idea comes straight from the Manchester fire.  The lights mean passengers can find the exit, even crawling on their hands and knees through thick smoke. "Our founder was actually working on emergency guide lights to help people escape from nuclear power stations and submarines," says Nigel Duncan, boss of STG aerospace. "This accident made him realise they could be used in planes too". Nigel's company now supplies guiding lights for the floors of 9,000 airliners.  They are photoluminescent, "which means they are fail-safe". "It's a chemical process so they don't need power -  sever it and it still works," he says. For the most part, computers fly modern airliners. And they are very good at it.  But all of this safety-driven automation has led to a new safety concern that is uncomfortable to hear. Pilots don't get enough practice at actually flying planes.  The computer has taken them out of the loop. Six years ago, Air France flight 447 crashed into the Atlantic, killing 228 people. Yet there was nothing critically wrong with the plane. So why did it crash? Well, the weather was bad and a small tube froze up, knocking out the speed indicator. The actual speed was fine, but the speed data on their screens was all over the place. Suddenly, the computer didn't know how fast it was going, and it handed control back to the pilots. Confused, in bad weather, in darkness and taken by surprise, they couldn't work out what was happening, so they kept climbing to the point where the aircraft stalled, effectively stopping in mid-air and falling from the sky. Unsurprisingly, plenty in the industry want more hands-on training for pilots. "A few years ago the airlines used to get more crew from the military and those guys were used to manually flying aircraft right on the edge", David Learmount tells me. "Today, many pilots don't have that kind of background training. "Having said all of that, just bear in mind:Nothing is ever without risk, but the chances of dying in an aircraft "accident" are lower than ever.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceScottish full-back Stuart Hogg ran in the opening try but Leigh Halfpenny's three penalties and a slick Rhys Webb score put Wales 16-10 up by half-time. A disallowed Liam Williams effort and a missed Halfpenny penalty gave Scotland hope that they could recover. But Jon Welsh's late try was not enough after Jonathan Davies had powered over. Wales are now back on track to mount a championship challenge, but despite the Scots' improvement, they still seem a little short of the Six Nations heavyweights. Warren Gatland's side arrived in Edinburgh reeling from that loss to a patchwork England side. Scotland also began the tournament with a defeat, to France in Paris, but there was enough in their display to give their fans hope they could beat Wales for the first time in the Gatland era. The Scots had spoken of keeping the penalty count down, but they conceded three in the first five minutes, one of which was kicked by Halfpenny to give Wales the lead. As the Welsh began to build pressure, they were hit by a breakaway try. Alex Cuthbert lost possession and Richie Gray shipped the ball wide to Hogg, who showed great speed to race past the cover defence and score under the posts.  Laidlaw's conversion and a subsequent penalty put the Scots 10-3 up before Halfpenny responded with a three-pointer of his own. Scotland lost fly-half Finn Russell to the sin-bin on the half-hour when he was judged to have taken out opposite number Dan Biggar with a dangerous tackle in the air.  Halfpenny brought the score to 10-9 with the resultant penalty. Wales did not take long to make their one-man advantage count, a sweeping move from inside their own half stretching the Scots' defence to breaking point, and scrum-half Webb diving over in the corner. Halfpenny added the extras to put Wales 16-10 up at the break. Two Laidlaw penalties either side of a successful Halfpenny kick kept the Scots within three early in the second-half. Wales had a Liam Williams try ruled out for an off-the-ball infringement by Alun Wyn Jones, but the referee could not save Scotland 15 minutes from the end when Davies scored Wales' second try. The British and Irish Lion came on to a Biggar pass at pace and, after powering through some soft midfield tackling, the centre coasted under the posts to leave Halfpenny with the simplest of conversions to give Wales a 10-point lead. That looked to have ended the match as a contest, but the Scots refused to buckle, with Mark Bennett and Hogg making searing line breaks. They did force a try in the dying seconds when Welsh ploughed over from close range, but it was too late and once again the home side had to be content with the 'gallant losers' tag. Scotland: Hogg; Lamont, Bennett, Dunbar, Visser; Russell, Laidlaw; Dickinson, Ford, Cross, R Gray, J Gray, Harley, Cowan, Beattie. Replacements: Scott for Dunbar (58), Hidalgo-Clyne for Laidlaw (71), Reid for Dickinson (61), F Brown for Ford (71), Welsh for Cross (50), Hamilton for R Gray (56), Strokosch for Beattie (58). Not Used: Tonks. Sin Bin: Russell (32). Wales: Halfpenny; Cuthbert, J Davies, Roberts, L Williams; Biggar, Webb; Jenkins, Hibbard, Jarvis, Ball, A Jones, Lydiate, Warburton, Faletau. Replacements: M. Phillips for Webb (74), James for Jenkins (71), Baldwin for Hibbard (60), Andrews for Jarvis (60), Charteris for Ball (60), Tipuric for Lydiate (61). Not Used: Priestland, S Williams. Sin Bin: J Davies (37). Att: 67,144Ref: Glen Jackson (New Zealand).
The former double world champion, 23, missed the 2014 Commonwealth Games due to recurring trouble in her left knee. She also underwent surgery on a long-standing shoulder problem but Sutton said the knee injury was still a cause for concern. "Becky has had a few setbacks over the last week or so," he said. "We looked like getting her back in the spring but there have been one or two little complications. "I have no detailed report.  That is kept between the doctors, medical team and her rehab team. Media playback is not supported on this device"They are doing a great job and she is getting the best treatment possible. "James aggravated the knee injury when she returned to training following a period of rest after a minor medical procedure. The Abergavenny-born track cyclist won silver and bronze for Wales at the Commonwealth Games in 2010, but came to international prominence at the 2013 Track World Championships. She won golds in the keirin and sprint and also picked up bronze medals in the team sprint and 500m time trial in Minsk. James missed out on the London Olympics in 2012 after a season wrecked by injury and illness, but Australian Sutton has no doubt that success at Rio 2016 remains realistic. "I am totally confident we will get her right for Rio," Sutton added. "Another four or five weeks is really not going to matter.  She has lost a lot of time but give us 12 months and a clean bill of health, then Becky will be knocking them over in Rio. "We are talking about a girl that is one of the best on the world stage. "If anyone is going to survive this and cope mentally, it will be Becky.
Kohli made 107 and shared century stands with both Shikhar Dhawan (73) and Suresh Raina (74) at the Adelaide Oval. When Kohli fell as part of Sohail Khan's 5-55, Pakistan looked to have dragged themselves back into the game by restricting India to a reachable 300-7. But a chase that never gained momentum was wrecked by a collapse of three wickets for one run and they eventually stumbled to 224 all out, Mohammed Shami claiming 4-35. In isolation, India's win earns national pride in what was billed as the most watched cricket match of all time, with an estimated television audience of one billion, and extends their World Cup record against Pakistan to six wins from as many matches. It was also an emphatic way to begin the defence of a trophy they won on home soil in 2011 and represents their first competitive win since arriving for a tour of Australia in November. Pakistan, winners when the tournament was last held in Australia and New Zealand 23 years ago, can take heart from the way they stuck to the task with the ball, but their limp chase was poor. After all the hype, the action was intriguing, rather than exciting. Making first use of an excellent pitch on a baking hot day, India's innings was underpinned by Kohli's calm accumulation all around the wicket, his 126-ball stay containing only eight fours. The right-hander made Pakistan pay for dropping him twice, the first a tough chance in the deep to Yasir Shah when on only three, the second a more straightforward edge behind to Umar Akmal from the spin of Haris Sohail on 76. When the 26-year-old punched Shahid Afridi to long-on for a 22nd ODI hundred - only Sachin Tendulkar has more for India - he became the first man to score a century in his opening match of a World Cup tournament on two occasions. Support came from Dhawan, who curbed his attacking instincts, and Raina, who repeatedly heaved through the leg side in his 56-ball knock. However, after Kohli edged Sohail to Umar, Pakistan fought back through fast bowler Sohail, who demonstrated consistency of length and canny changes of pace. India scored just 27 runs in their final five overs as five wickets fell, four of them to Sohail. A chase of 301 looked within Pakistan's grasp at the interval, but they never threatened to keep up with the six-an-over run-rate. Younus Khan, promoted to open, gloved a Shami bouncer behind early on and, though Ahmed Shahzad and Haris shared 68, Ravichandran Ashwin found turn with a beautiful off-break to have the latter caught at slip. And, when Umesh Yadav removed Shahzad and Saqaib Mahsood in the space of three balls followed by Umar controversially being given out, caught behind off Ravi Jadeja on review, the contest was effectively over. Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq did his best to delay the inevitable with some clean striking in his 76, but he was the ninth wicket to fall, to the lively Shami, before Mohit Sharma had Sohail caught at long-on to seal India's victory. Listen to highlights from Test Match Special and 5 live Sport's 2015 World Cup coverage.
At an event in Hove, the prime minister said all good schools should be able to expand and his government had supported that right. The Weald of Kent girls' grammar school wants to open an annexe in Sevenoaks. The Department for Education (DfE) is considering the plans which have the backing of Kent County Council. The law forbids the opening of new grammar schools, but changes made by the coalition government in 2012 allow enlargement of existing schools. "I strongly support the right of all good schools to expand.  I think that's very important and that should include grammar schools," the prime minister said:"Under this government grammar schools have been able to expand and that is all to the good. "Mr Cameron was responding to a question about the the proposed satellite grammar school in Sevenoaks. But he would not be drawn on when the government was likely to make its decision. "As for the decision that the Department for Education has to take, they have to take that having [looked] at all the evidence and after having proper consultations and making the decision in proper time," he added. Sevenoaks is the only major Kent town that does not have grammar provision. Bids made in 2013 were turned down because the DfE said they did not comply with the law. But the current plans put forward by Weald of Kent girls' grammar school are believed to have met the criteria. If approved, the annexe could pave the way for more grammars to open satellite campuses. General secretary of the National Union of Teachers, Christine Blower, has previously called the plans for grammar school expansion "yet another unnecessary distraction".
Petro Poroshenko said 80% of Ukraine's troops left on Wednesday morning after several days of fierce fighting. Russia said Ukrainian forces had tried to fight their way out of the town after being encircled but Mr Poroshenko insisted they were never surrounded. The rebel advance on Debaltseve, which came in spite of the recent ceasefire agreement, has been widely condemned. Nato chief Jens Stoltenberg said the rebels' offensive had put the wider peace agreement at risk and urged Russia to "use all its influence on the separatists to make them respect the ceasefire". He also called on Moscow to withdraw its forces from Ukraine, saying Russian troops, artillery and air defence units were still active in the country. Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov insisted the rebels' actions in Debaltseve had not violated the ceasefire because it was a rebel-held city when the peace agreement was signed last week. He urged rebels to provide troops who surrendered with food and clothes and said he hoped the situation in the city would "not be used to find a pretext to actually undermine [the agreement]". Eyewitnesses saw dozens of tanks and columns of weary Ukrainian troops retreating from Debaltseve on Wednesday. Russia's state-controlled Channel One TV showed footage of what it said were rebels raising their flag on top of a high-rise building in the town. Later rebel spokesman Eduard Basurin was quoted in Russian media as saying Debaltseve was fully under the control of separatists, although there were still "disparate groups of the enemy" in the southern part of town. One rebel commander in the city told the BBC that conditions were dire, with no electricity and a shortage of food and water.  He said rebels were sharing their rations with the remaining civilians. President Poroshenko said in a statement: "Debaltseve was under our control, there was no encirclement, and our troops left the area in a planned and organised manner. "He called for "a firm reaction from the world to Russia's brutal violation of the Minsk agreements, the ceasefire regime and the withdrawal of heavy weaponry". Mr Poroshenko visited the soldiers who had left Debaltseve in the town of Artemivsk on Wednesday.  Earlier, he said it would be an honour to shake hands with "Ukrainian heroes". A senior Ukrainian military official said 22 Ukrainian soldiers had died in Debaltseve over the past three days. Earlier, an official at a morgue in Artemivsk said the bodies of 25 Ukrainian soldiers had been brought to the facility from Debaltseve but this has not been confirmed. Rebels have claimed that hundreds of Ukrainian troops were killed in clashes around the city, but Mr Poroshenko denied this. The government in Kiev admitted that that some soldiers were taken prisoner in Debaltseve, but gave no details on how many were seized. All Wednesday, the road out of Debaltseve into government-held territory thundered to the sound of retreating armour - tanks and troop carriers full of exhausted, sometimes defiant soldiers. In a bus by the side of the road, I found one Yuri slumped on his seat, across the aisle from a sleeping colleague. He said the situation had become increasingly dire and individual units had taken their own decisions to leave.  They were running out of ammunition and in danger of being surrounded, he told me. He blamed Russian President Vladimir Putin for deceiving everyone about the ceasefire.  We know him well by now, he said.  When he says something is guaranteed, that means there's some kind of trap coming up. In nearby fields, mortars and multiple rocket launchers fired back at the rebels - providing cover for those still trying to leave Debaltseve. President Poroshenko says the withdrawal was planned and organised, but on the ground it looked like a hasty retreat in the face of overwhelming odds. The withdrawal came after Russian President Vladimir Putin urged Ukraine's troops in Debaltseve to surrender. Mr Putin is due to speak by telephone later on Wednesday to German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande and Mr Poroshenko, according to the French government. Spokesman Stephane Le Foll insisted the agreement announced last week by the four leaders to end the fighting in eastern Ukraine was not dead, and that progress had been made. International observers monitoring the truce have been unable to enter Debaltseve. The city has become a key prize for rebels and government forces, as it sits on a strategic railway line linking the rebel-held cities of Donetsk and Luhansk. Most of its 25,000 population has been evacuated but about 7,000 civilians are still believed trapped by the fighting. The ceasefire, which came into effect on Sunday, has been broadly observed elsewhere and some rebel heavy weaponry was said to have been withdrawn. The UN says more than 5,600 people have been killed in the conflict, but there are fears the actual death toll could be much higher. Fighting began in eastern Ukraine in April, a month after Russia annexed the Crimea peninsula. Ukraine's pro-Western government says Russia is supporting the separatists with troops and weapons, but the Kremlin has consistently denied this.
Officials at Grade II listed Guildford Cathedral said last year it was at risk because of deteriorating plasterwork, which contained asbestos. A £7m fundraising campaign was launched and now has only £500,000 left to meet the final target. Preparatory work will begin next month before building starts in October. The building, which is the last Church of England cathedral to be consecrated on a new site, is visible for miles from its Stag Hill location. Earlier this month, the cathedral was awarded a £4. 6m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund. It has also raised funds from donations and a "buy a brick" campaign, which more than 200,000 people took part in. "Guildford Cathedral is a unique and vital community resource that brings people together," Mayor of Guildford David Elms, told a benefactor reception on Tuesday. "So many have already responded - because saving the cathedral matters. "Repairs and improvements will include restoration of the cathedral's organ, better disabled access, new lighting and sound system and making its archive materials more easily available to the public.
Many MPs are spending a lot of time in their constituencies preparing to contest the most closely-fought and unpredictable election in decades. As early as last year Labour taunted the government that this was a "zombie" Parliament, as much of the legislation in the coalition's programme from 2010 had already been passed. The opposition has repeated the allegation many times since.  MPs on the government side have hit back with claims that Labour has given up scrutinising bills properly. But as MPs look to the final few weeks before the dissolution of the Parliament elected in 2010, there are still a few bills left to deal with. A bill to improve and strengthen the service complaints system and enable payments to be made to charities and other organisations that support the Armed Forces across the UK.The bill began in the the Lords and has passed all stages in the upper house.  It is awaiting its Commons report stage at a date to be confirmed. It is likely that the third reading will also be taken on the same day.  As the bill is not particularly controversial it is likely to see royal assent before Parliament is dissolved. A bill overhauling consumer rights law, covering contracts for goods, services, digital content and the law relating to unfair terms in consumer contracts. Consideration of Commons amendments in the Lords was on 24 February, so this will make it to the statute book. A bill to devolve powers to set the rate of corporation tax to the Northern Ireland Assembly. It was due to have its remaining Commons stages - report stage and third reading - on 4 March. The devolution of powers to set the corporation tax rate was a key demand of political leaders ahead of the Stormont House Agreement finalised in Belfast last month. It is still to go through the Lords but the government aims to pass the law before May's general election and Labour has not opposed it. The bill makes a number of changes which would affect business generally and in particular areas including decriminalising non-payment of the BBC licence fee. All Commons stages are complete, while its third reading in the Lords is due on 4 March. However, peers defeated the government during report stage, voting for there to be no move to decriminalise non-payment of the fee before 2017. It remains to be seen if MPs will overturn this amendment and another game of ping pong will ensue. First reading - the bill's formal introduction, in which the name of the bill is read out but no debate takes place. Second reading - a debate on the general principles of a bill. Committee stage - detailed scrutiny of the bill, either in a committee of the whole House or in a public bill committee. Report stage - consideration of the report of the bill committee and a further chance for MPs or peers to table amendments. Third reading - final consideration of the amended bill as a whole.  In the House of Lords, there is a final chance to table amendments. Ping pong - if one House rejects the other's amendments, the bill goes back and forth between the lower and upper Houses until agreement is reached. A bill concerning the membership and functions of the House of Commons Commission, which is responsible for the administration and services of the House of Commons. This bill was fast-tracked through the Commons, with all stages on one day - 24 February. After that, it will need the approval of peers. This is a private members' bill, which would put into legislation a target of spending at least 0. 7% of national income on aid. It has passed its Commons stages and had its report stage in the Lords on 27 February. Unlike most private members' bills, Liberal Democrat MP Michael Moore's bill stands a good chance of becoming law. The bill to allow women Church of England bishops to sit in the House of Lords had its committee stage in the upper House on 26 February. It sailed through its Commons stages and its second reading in the Lords.  Basically, its passage is guaranteed. The first woman bishop has already been consecrated.  The Right Reverend Libby Lane became Bishop of Stockport in January. The bill to give people greater flexibility in accessing their pension benefits and to help them make informed decisions about what to do with benefits is at the ping pong stage. MPs considered Lords amendments on 24 February. The bill provides for a recall petition to be triggered if an MP is sentenced to a prison term or is suspended from the House for at least 21 sitting days. It is due to have its third reading in the Lords on 2 March, having passed all stages in the Commons. This bill started in the Lords and had its Commons report stage and third reading on 23 February, with the Lords due to consider any amendments made by MPs in March. This bill aims to improve access to finance for businesses and individuals and also concerns public procurement and the regulatory provisions relating to business and certain voluntary and community bodies. It has passed all stages in the Commons and has its Lords report stage on 3 March. This private bill, which applies to Transport for London and its subsidiaries, started in the House of Lords and had its Commons report stage on 26 February. Private bills are usually promoted by organisations, like local authorities or private companies, rather than the government. They are distinct from private members' bills which are promoted by individual MPs or peers. And spare a thought for those that are likely to fall by the wayside. A bill which would confer powers to acquire land and to construct and operate phase one of HS2 - a high speed rail line from London to Birmingham. This is a hybrid bill, which features aspects of a public bill and a private bill.  This means it is of general application but it contains provisions which have a different legal effect on the private interests of particular persons. The hybrid bill procedure gives those persons who are directly and specially affected an opportunity to petition against the bill and be heard in select committee. Following the bill's second reading it was sent to a select committee and has remained there ever since. The government has admitted that the legislation will not be passed before the general election. This is private members' bill sponsored by Conservative peer Lord Saatchi. It has passed all stages in the Lords and had its Commons second reading scheduled for 27 February, although it was too low down the day's schedule for MPs to even begin debating it. Even if the bill manages a second reading, it might struggle to progress further in the time left before Parliament dissolves. It has also faced some passionate opposition from other MPs and peers. Conservative MP Jonathan Evans' private members' bill has already completed its journey through the House of Lords and has its Commons report stage on 6 March. However, it is likely that no time will be left for a third reading.
The 28-year-old was arrested following an investigation by the Queensland Crime and Corruption Commission (CCC). Two other men and a woman were also charged with supplying cocaine for "personal use or to on-supply cocaine to friends and colleagues". Hunt has played elite-level rugby league, Australian rules football (AFL) and rugby union. Hunt - who is due to appear in Southport Magistrate Court on 5 March - was not named by the CCC but local media have named him as the 28-year old man arrested. He was arrested on Thursday night, just days after playing for the Queensland Reds rugby team. "The CCC will allege that during an investigation focused on a cocaine trafficking syndicate operating in South East Queensland, these four individuals were identified contacting the syndicate and arranging for the supply of cocaine," a statement said. It is alleged the offences occurred between June and December 2014 when Hunt was playing AFL for the Gold Coast Suns. Hunt rose to prominence playing fullback for the Brisbane Broncos rugby league team in 2004, and was selected for Queensland State of Origin and Australian representative squads. He made a code-switch to AFL with the Gold Coast Suns in 2009. Hunt played with the team until 2014 when he made a switch to rugby union. Facing charges with Hunt are a 24-year-old man from Burleigh Waters, a 27-year-old man from Mermaid Waters and a 22-year-old woman from Mermaid Waters.
But when Paul Gascoigne appeared on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show, everyone listened, including Russell. For all of Gazza's amazing moments on the pitch, he's also known for his long term battle with alcohol. Despite visible signs of vulnerability over the years the former footballer seemed back to his old "daft as a brush" self. Paul Gascoigne was massive news when you were growing up. He picked up 57 England caps and was described as the most naturally gifted footballer of his generation. Type "Paul Gascoigne Euro 96 wonder goal" in your search engine and you'll see for yourself. He was also famed for cracking jokes and playing pranks on teammates. He began the interview talking about how the tabloids have reported on his problems with addiction. "(What) the press what they've been writing about it, it's scandalous. "The press were actually outside my house and were taking pictures and they even wrote the next day that I was in rehab in Spain somewhere," he said. "I wasn't, I was somewhere else.  It was just the lies that keeps coming on. "He then remembered a conversation which led to him signing for Tottenham. "I played against Spurs at Newcastle, scored two, and walking off the pitch Terry Venables (Spurs manager) said 'If you come and sign for me I guarantee you within 10 days you'll be playing for England'. ""That's all I wanted to do. "Then I did in about eight games of coming to Tottenham, I got my chance to join with the England squad, which was unbelievable. "Then, almost inevitably, things took a funny turn when Gazza remembered trying to help out the Spurs groundsman. "He [the groundsman] said 'I've got to get rid of these pigeons', I went 'OK then I'll help you. . .  I'm not doing anything. '"I walked across the pitch, and he says: 'There's one at the top of that roof'. "I went: 'OK how'd I get up there?'"Once he got up onto the roof things soon went, hilariously, wrong. "I went over and I just heard [a cracking sound], and I fell through the roof, I landed 30 foot down on the steps!"I said, gaffer, I don't think I can train today,""He said 'what for?'"I said 'A pigeon did it. '"The 47-year-old talked about turning down a deal to sign with Manchester United, in favour of a Tottenham package which included a house for his parents, as well a sun bed for his sister. What he didn't bank on was getting a letter from Sir Alex Ferguson himself. "It wasn't a good letter, I got cained. "It was like 'I can't believe you turned down the biggest club [for a sun bed]'. Gazza enjoyed a spell in Italy in the 1990s after Lazio paid more than Â£5m for the striker. "The one team I wanted to play for was AC Milan, I eventually got to play them - away. "I thought this is my chance to prove against them, how good I am. ""We got beaten 5-1, I think it's the only game I wanted to end quickly, I think I had one touch with about five minutes to go. "Gazza famously cried when he was booked during an England World Cup match - because it would have stopped him playing in the 1990 final. And he admits he still gets tearful today, especially when it hits him afresh that his playing days are behind him. "I was in tears to my sister and my dad last week, I just felt a little bit lonely. "That's why I sometimes find it hard to go to games.
The Star Wars superfan made £15,000 selling a single Boba Fett figure, and now he's selling another 15 rare items. Craig Stevens sold the pristine, unopened bounty hunter toy at auction house Vectis last month. Now the next batch of his galactic goods are expected to fetch between £28,000 to £40,000. The most highly valued item this time is a Palitoy FX-7 medical droid from The Empire Strikes Back. A similar item sold last year for around £8,400. What makes his profit margins seem more out of this world, is that the Boba Fett figure would have set you back £1. 50 in 1980. If you're reading this thinking it's a no-brainer for Craig, he agrees. He said: "I'm living in a rented flat in my home town.  You think to yourself, 'I'm in a flat and I've got a box of figures worth as much as a house'. "There's no contest really. "He might even be able to run to a swimming pool - he's got 10,000 more items in his collection of Star Wars memorabilia.
Healthcare Improvement Scotland (HIS) visited the Stranraer site in November last year and again in January. Despite an action plan being put in place, they said they failed to find "significant improvements". NHS Dumfries and Galloway has apologised for being "unable to demonstrate best standards of care". The inspections were carried out as part of a programme to check on standards of care for older people requiring acute treatment in Scotland. Jacqui Macrae, head of quality of care with HIS, said inspectors had identified issues where patient documentation had not been completed or had not been completed correctly. "Therefore, we were not assured that the care being given was appropriate," she added. "We were also concerned about leadership and management, and found a lack of willingness from medical staff to ensure that patients had the capacity to consent to treatment. "She said they had asked NHS Dumfries and Galloway to conduct an internal review of all patients in one of the hospital's wards. "We also asked NHS Dumfries and Galloway to produce an action plan, detailing how immediate improvements would be made to address to issues identified," she said. However, a return visit failed to identify the improvements hoped for. "As such, we escalated our concerns to senior management within NHS Dumfries and Galloway," said Ms Macrae. "We also escalated our concerns to the Scottish government. "This inspection resulted in 26 areas for improvement which NHS Dumfries and Galloway must address as a matter of priority. "NHS Dumfries and Galloway's Chief Executive Jeff Ace apologised for the situation. "Whilst it is reassuring that the inspectors witnessed compassionate and skilled interactions between staff and patients, it is clear that we have much work to do to improve the consistency of record keeping, care planning and delivery of best care practice to patients with degrees of confusion or dementia," he said. "NHS Dumfries and Galloway has accepted all the recommendations contained within the report. "Of these recommendations 15 were prioritised and had actions taken immediately with the remainder aiming for completion before the end of March 2015. "We have taken this report extremely seriously and are committed to continuing to work both with local staff and with Scottish government advisors to ensure that we can demonstrate rapid and sustained improvement. "Dumfries and Galloway MP Russell Brown said the report was "utterly damning". "I think what is so frustrating is the fact that even when the inspectorate carried out a follow up visit a couple of months later there didn't appear to be any significant improvement," he said. "I am pleased the NHS have apologised and immediately accepted the findings. "But what patients and their families want to see is action and improvements. "The full report is available online.
The 22-year-old former Wales Under-20 international made his Dragons debut at 17, making him the youngest player to ever represent the region. He will fill the gap left by Micky Young and Peter Stringer, who will leave the club in the summer. Evans will compete for a place in Bath's side with Chris Cook, Will Homer and new arrival Niko Matawalu. "Having known Jonny since he was a youngster and seen his development for myself, I know he'll fit right in here," said Bath coach Darren Edwards, who worked with Evans at Dragons and with Wales U20s. "He brings a spark to the game and he's very much at an exciting stage of his career.  He's joining a club that has a fantastic forward pack and he'll thrive on playing off such a strong platform.
The International Cycling Union (UCI) said it was "extremely unhappy" with the poster which shows a hand moving towards a girl's backside. "We have reminded the organiser of its responsibility," said a UCI statement. The poster mimics the antics of 2014 winner Peter Sagan who pinched a podium girl at the 2013 Tour of Flanders. Although the UCI press release states that organisers have agreed to remove the poster, which also carries the tagline, 'Who squeezes them in Harelbeke?', it is still being used to promote the event on social media. In 2014 UCI president Brian Cookson described a cycling team's kit as "unacceptable by any standards" after it appeared to make the female riders look naked. Photos of the Colombian team's outfit for the Giro della Toscana in Italy showed what seemed to be a skin-coloured fabric around their waist and hips and caused controversy on social media. The E3 Harelbeke, which is on 27 March this year, starts and finishes in Harelbeke and covers 210kms of the Flanders region. The race is part of the UCI World Tour and is regarded as a preparation for the  seven Spring Classics which include the Tour of Flanders. .
Statues are smashed using sledgehammers and drills in what seems to be a museum in the city of Mosul. Statues are also shown being destroyed at an archaeological site known as the Nergal Gate. World heritage body Unesco has called for an emergency meeting of the UN Security Council to discuss how to protect Iraq's cultural heritage. In a statement, Unesco head Irina Bokova said: "This attack is far more than a cultural tragedy.  This is also a security issue as it fuels sectarianism, violent extremism and conflict in Iraq. "In the video released via IS social media sites, black-clad men push over statues, smash them with sledgehammers and use a pneumatic drill to destroy the rubble. The video shows a black-clad man drilling through and pulling apart what appears to be a stone winged-bull Assyrian protective deity that dates back to the 9th Century BC.One of the militants in the video describes the artefacts as "false idols" and seeks to justify their destruction in religious terms. Analysts say the artefacts are unique and priceless although the museum does also house copies of some items. Ihsan Fethi, an Iraqi professor of architecture based in Amman, Jordan, told Agence France-Presse the destruction was "a terrible loss and an unbelievable act of cultural terrorism". Amir al-Jumaili, a professor at the Archaeology College in Mosul, told Associated Press: "I'm totally shocked.  It's a catastrophe.  With the destruction of these artefacts, we can no longer be proud of Mosul's civilisation. "IS have controlled Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, since June 2014.  The US military have said that an assault on the city by the Iraqi army could happen within months. The region under IS control in Iraq has nearly 1,800 of Iraq's 12,000 registered archaeological sites. The reported destruction of the statues follows recent reports that IS burnt down Mosul Library, which housed over 8,000 ancient manuscripts.
The club's latest accounts, for the year ending May 2014, also show the Bluebirds owe around £174m - most of it to owner Vincent Tan. This was despite revenue increasing more than five fold to almost £80m. The club's annual report says support from Malaysian investors "will continue" as long as "the business develops as planned". The financial figures showed that the club's broadcasting and commercial income rose from from £8m to more than £70m. Wages and salaries went up from just over £27m to £46m. During their time in the Premier League Cardiff sacked Malky Mackay and replaced him with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The club said they paid just over £2m on "exceptional costs" relating to the change of football and senior management. The accounts show the club received loans of around £130m - mainly from Tan, but also including a loan of £7. 5m from Torman Finance, understood to be chairman Mehmet Dalman's company. The report adds: "Following relegation from the Barclays Premier League the owners are aware that they needed to again invest in strengthening the playing squad, but that they needed to spend wisely. "Whilst long term funding is not guaranteed, the Malaysian investors have indicated that providing the business develops as planned, they will continue to support the company in the foreseeable future and provide additional finances in order that it can settle its liabilities. "Tan has previously said he will convert the club's debt into equity. Keith Morgan, a chartered accountant who sits on the board of Cardiff City Supporters Trust, told BBC Radio Wales Sport: "The club is highly insolvent. "It has far more liabilities than assets and at any point in time it could be called upon to repay that debt owed to Vincent Tan.
Farmers, conservationists and the RSPB have worked together to preserve the breeding habitat in fields that has helped the stone curlew survive. The birds, which winter in Africa, return to Breckland farms in April. Fields have been specially ploughed for birds to get at worms and insects while plants that attract them line edges. Those involved in the conservation programme met in Thetford on Friday to celebrate and welcome the arrival back of the birds. Breeding pair numbers have almost trebled and the RSPB has described the project as pioneering.
The 26-year-old has tweeted that she can "only take so much" and seems to have broken up with the singer via social media. It follows claims he fathered a child with another woman. According to US website TMZ, Chris Brown became a dad nine months ago with his friend and former model Nia. The site claims the pair have known each other "for several years" and that Chris is "happy" to be a dad. TMZ also says Chris and Nia are not together, but are on "very good terms". It's been a turbulent four years for Chris and Karrueche, with the pair splitting up on several occasions before getting back together. But Karrueche has tweeted that this time she has had enough of the drama. Newsbeat has contacted representatives for Chris Brown, but has not received a response so far. Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube.
The Dutchman, 25, led 6-5 before racing to victory and the £60,000 first prize with five consecutive legs. "This is a really big tournament to win and a difficult tournament too, so I'll enjoy this," said the world number one. Wright defeated Phil Taylor at the quarter-final stage and whitewashed Stephen Bunting in the last four. But the colourful 44-year-old from Mendham in Suffolk was unable to clinch his first major Professional Darts Corporation title, losing to van Gerwen, who also beat him in the 2014 World Championship final. "It's been a long weekend and I think I ran out of energy in the final, and Michael was too good," said Scotland-born Wright. "I'm really pleased to have got to the final though and I'm getting closer to a big TV title.
Mr Opstelten had said the trafficker was paid less than he actually was for money wrongly confiscated by the state. He also said details of the payment - authorised by Mr Teeven as prosecutor - had been lost, but this was not so. The resignations are a blow to the Liberal party as it faces an election. Mr Opstelten and Mr Teeven are both from the conservative wing of the party, which faces a challenge from Geert Wilders' far-right Freedom Party in provincial elections this month. The resignations are also expected to place a strain on the Liberal's coalition with the Labour party, which has been very critical of Mr Opstelten and Mr Teeven. The justice minister had claimed that a convicted drug trafficker, Cees Helman, was paid much less than the compensation of 4. 7 million Dutch guilders - worth â‚¬2. 1m (Â£1. 5m; $2. 3m) in current terms - that he in fact received. He also said that the details of the payment had been lost. On Monday, however, Mr Opstelten said a record of the transaction had been found. "This information could have been found earlier," he told reporters.  "I take full responsibility for this and have just now offered my resignation to the king. "The payment was made after the authorities were unable to prove that money they had confiscated from Helman had been obtained illegally.  Mr Teeven, who was a prosecutor at the time, had authorised the settlement. The payment was not illegal.  However, both ministers said the misinformation had made their positions untenable, Reuters news agency reports.
But he says the only way to attract viewers to his vlogs is by being "incredibly, painfully honest". "The economy of YouTube is based off honesty porn.  It's just, how far can you go?" the 24-year-old says. "The more horrendously out there and honest you are, the more people respond to that.  It's unhealthy.  They're all addicts. "Honesty is something he says he is attracted to however, and that's one of the reasons he agreed to take part in a new documentary - The Creators - which goes behind-the-scenes in the life of vloggers. Watch TomSka talking about how hard it is now to make your mark in the world of YouTubeTo begin with he says he was worried that it would be another "puff piece" talking about how "kids make money in their bedrooms, like every news report" on them. And, given how much of their lives are already public, it could seem like an odd choice of subject for a documentary maker. "Even though they are sharing their lives, they're not necessarily sharing all the different aspects of what it's like to be a vlogger," says Nanette Burstein, the Oscar-nominated director behind the film. "This was an opportunity to get them to open up. "Along with TomSka, The Creators also features Zoella and twins NikiNSammy. "They put in me ranting about things and it wasn't just 'everything is lovely'," TomSka says. "I mean you do get a lot of everything is lovely because you see Zoella, who is just lovely. . .  but then you get me being all pessimistic. "He says, unlike other vloggers, he finds it harder to make money through brand endorsements. "As YouTube has grown, managers and people have learned to apply the Disney kid method," he says. "They become these deities, these beings of perfection in the eyes of their audience.  And that is worth a lot more money. "I would rather put an honest version of myself forward.  And it makes me no money.  No-one wants to buy a shirt with me on it. "He did get in trouble with the Advertising Standards Authority last year, over a promotion with a biscuit brand, that was said not to be clearly labelled as an advert. "I've always tried to be very open and very honest with my audience.  I've been caught out by that recently.  Apparently I wasn't honest enough," he says. He has been open about his problems with mental illness as well, sharing videos with his fans about his depression. "I really don't know what long-term effects my relationship with my audience and with YouTube is going to have on me," he says. "I like sharing and I like being very honest and I have found that it feels good but then again maybe it's not. "I've forgotten what the difference is between Thomas Ridgewell and TomSka. ""You put me in a room with 1,000 fans and I can take photos and sign and be lovely to every single person. "But you put me in a room with 10 people who know the real me and I'm not going to know what to do any more. "The Creators is available to view on YouTube now.
Owner Cuerden Leisure is selling Blackpool's South and Central Piers and the Grade II listed Llandudno Pier. St John Stott, director at Cuerden Leisure, which also owns Eastbourne Pier, said the company was "restructuring its assets". Blackpool North Pier was bought by a local businessman in 2011. Collectively, they are on the market for offers of around £12. 6m, with individual guide prices of £4. 8m for Blackpool Central, £3. 3m for Blackpool South and £4. 5m for Llandudno Pier. Blackpool Central Pier is home to a 33m high (108ft) Ferris wheel, Blackpool South Pier and Llandudno Pier were all built in the 19th Century. Llandudno, which is 695m long (2,280ft), is the only pier with listed building status meaning any future owners would require Listed Building Consent to make changes to the structure. Known as the "Queen of Welsh Piers", it nestles in the crescent bay between the outcrops of the Little and Great Orme. Blackpool Central Pier, which stands at 341m long (1,118ft), and Blackpool South Pier, which is 150m (492ft), do not benefit from listed status, despite opening in 1864 and 1892 respectively. Richard Baldwin, a director at Bilfinger GVA, which is selling the piers for Cuerden Leisure, said it would be very unlikely that a new owner would make significant changes. He said: "In our opinion, the value is in the existing use and this is unlikely to change at either of the Blackpool piers. "A spokesman for the National Piers Society, which promotes the preservation and continued enjoyment of seaside piers in the UK, said: "These piers are all in good order and trading successfully, and, given that Easter is almost upon us, I have no doubt that they will quickly find a buyer or buyers.
The park authority's planning committee said the land involved was earmarked for housing. However, it added that the developer's three planning applications for the project were "not deemed to meet with a range of other planning policies". Aviemore and Highland Developments Ltd, part of the Tulloch Homes Group, had sought approval for the scheme. The housing project has been going through the planning process for more than 10 years. Among the planning committee's reasons for refusal were that environmental impacts had not been fully assessed. Rare red squirrels, capercaillie and wood ants had been recorded in the area. Committee members were also told the village's Carr Road was unsuitable as an access for the majority of houses proposed. Carrbridge, known for its 18th century packhorse bridge, has a population of about 700 people.
Waving flags and banners, they escorted the body of Ivana Hoffmann, 19, through the city of Duisburg to the cemetery where she was buried. Ms Hoffman was killed earlier this month in the battle for Tal Tamr, in north-western Syria. She had been fighting alongside the Kurdish Popular Protection Units (YPG). Ms Hoffman was the first Western female fighter known to have been killed fighting IS.She was a member of Turkey's Marxist-Leninist Communist Party (MLKP) and joined the YPG fighters six months ago. A MLKP statement, which referred to her by her nom de guerre Avasin Tekosin Gunes, declared her to be "immortal". UK-based activist group the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said last week that at least 40 Kurdish fighters and IS militants had been killed in the battle for Tal Tamr. About 100 Western volunteers are believed to be fighting IS alongside Kurdish forces in northern Syria and neighbouring Iraq.
The star will play Mrs Potts, the housekeeper magically transformed into a teapot whom Dame Angela Lansbury voiced in the 1991 animated version of the film. Fellow Oscar-winner Kevin Kline has also signed on to play Maurice, the father of the 'Beauty' character Belle. The film will be released in US cinemas on 17 March 2017. It was announced in January that Harry Potter star Emma Watson had been cast as Belle. It was subsequently confirmed that Downton Abbey's Dan Stevens will play the Beast and that Luke Evans will co-star as the villainous Gaston. Josh Gad, who voiced Olaf the snowman in Disney's animated hit Frozen, is also on board as Gaston's sidekick LeFou. Bill Condon, director of Dreamgirls and the last two Twilight films, will direct the movie, which begins filming at Shepperton Studios in May.
Those killed included citizens from Japan, Italy, Colombia, Australia, France, Poland and Spain, PM Habib Essid said. Two Tunisians, one a police officer, were also killed, he said. Security forces killed two gunmen and were searching the surrounding area for accomplices, Mr Essid added. At the time of the attack, deputies in the neighbouring parliamentary building were discussing anti-terrorism legislation.  Parliament was evacuated. Following the attack, Mr Essid said: "It is a critical moment in our history, and a defining moment for our future. "We have not established the identity of the two terrorists. . .  Reports are not final, these two terrorists could have been assisted by two or three other operatives. "Security operations were "still under way", he added. According to Prime Minister Essid, 19 people were killed, although some of the countries involved have different totals:Earlier reports said that a total of 20 tourists had died, with at least 22 tourists and two Tunisians injured.  Other reports suggest up to 50 could have been hurt. Italian, Polish, South African, French and Japanese tourists were among the injured, Mosaique FM radio reported. Parliament held an extraordinary session on Wednesday evening. Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi said: "We are in a war against terrorism. . .  we will fight them without mercy. "Analysis: BBC Security Correspondent Frank GardnerSadly, this attack did not come out of the blue. While Tunisia has been spared the catastrophic levels of violence that have plagued other Arab Spring countries like Syria, Yemen and Libya, the country has still suffered from occasional but deadly attacks carried out by Islamist extremists. In 2013, 22 people were killed.  This included a suicide bomber who attacked a beach resort in Sousse.  Last year 45 people were killed and already this year the death toll has reached 23, with Wednesday's museum raid following an attack on a mountain checkpoint in February that killed 4 police officers. In all cases the perpetrators are believed to be jihadists.  Tunisian fighters make up a disproportionately high number of foreign recruits to Islamic State (IS) in Syria.  More than 3,000 have joined, earning themselves a reputation for ferocity both on and off the battlefield. At the scene: BBC's Naveena Kottoor in TunisThe last group of foreign tourists left the Bardo museum by bus under the watch of the Tunisian security forces and hundreds of bystanders.  Traffic is flowing again, but bystanders are still here. One man told me he had come out of sadness and shock.  The attack struck at both the political and economic heart of Tunisia.  The museum is to many Tunisians what the Louvre is to Paris - a major tourist destination. This kind of attack on civilians is new here - the last time something similar happened was in 2002.  As an act of defiance and national unity, Tunisian politicians are returning to parliament on Wednesday evening.  But many Tunisians had hoped that 2015 would bring a more prosperous and stable future. Tunisia's militant Islamists: How big a threat?Anti-terror demonstrations were reported in central Tunis on Wednesday, with crowds waving flags and condemning the attack. A museum employee told Reuters the two attackers "opened fire on the tourists as they were getting off the buses before fleeing into the museum". Eyewitness Yasmine Ryan told the BBC she saw "helicopters flying overhead" and "tanks rolling in" as the security situation unfolded. The attack is a huge blow for Tunisia's tourism industry and its government, which only emerged at the end of a long political transition several months ago, the BBC's Arab affairs editor Sebastian Usher says. Islamist militants have tried to derail the democratic transition, which, although fragile, remains the most positive result of the Arab Spring in the Middle East, our correspondent adds. EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini offered her condolences (in French) to the victims' families, and said the EU would "fully support Tunisia in the fight against terrorism". US Secretary of State John Kerry said the US "stands with the Tunisian people at this difficult time" and would continue to support the government's "efforts to advance a secure, prosperous, and democratic Tunisia". Tourism is a key sector of Tunisia's economy, with large numbers of Europeans visiting the country's resorts. In 2002, 19 people, including 11 German tourists, were killed in a bomb blast at a synagogue in the resort of Djerba.  Al-Qaeda said it had carried out that attack. Concerns about security in Tunisia have increased in recent months as neighbouring Libya has become increasingly unstable. A large number of Tunisians have also left to fight in Syria and Iraq, triggering worries that returning militants could carry out attacks at home.
Steven Rodriguez, who was better known as A$AP Yams or Yamborghini, died aged 26 on 18 January at Brooklyn's Woodhull Medical Centre. He founded the US rap collective A$AP Mob along with fellow New Yorkers A$AP Bari and A$AP Illz. Now the New York Times reports that his death was caused by acute mixed drug intoxication. Opiates and benzodiazepines were found in his system and it was ruled an accident. After his death artists paid tribute to him on social media. Drake tweeted: "Rest in peace Yams.  A$AP is family. "Azealia Banks wrote: "ASAP YAMS should be remembered as a leader, an innovator and most importantly as an important part of NYC youth culture.
Mr Natzler has served as acting Clerk since the retirement of Sir Robert Rogers last year. A panel led by Mr Bercow initially recommended that Australian Carole Mills take the role but MPs objected and she has since withdrawn. News of Mr Natzler's appointment was met with cheers by MPs in the Commons. The recruitment of a new Clerk, Parliament's most senior legal and constitutional adviser, has been dogged by argument over the past nine months. MPs said Ms Mills, the original choice of the House of Commons commission who works in the Australian Parliament, did not have the relevant constitutional experience and accused Mr Bercow of a "stitch-up". Mr Bercow insisted that the appointment must have the confidence of MPs and "paused" the recruitment process before re-starting it. As part of a modernisation of procedures, the current responsibilities of the Clerk will now be split, with a new post of Commons director-general taking over responsibility for the day-to-day commercial and administrative functions of the Commons. Announcing Mr Natzler's appointment in the Commons, Mr Bercow said he had been chosen from a field of four candidates. Welcoming the appointment, David Cameron joked that Mr Bercow had "gone to the ends of the earth" to find the most qualified candidate and he was "very glad he found the right answer right here in Britain". Labour leader Ed Miliband said Mr Natzler's appointment was "well deserved". Before Sir Robert's retirement, Mr Natzler served as Clerk Assistant for many years.
With a population of fewer than 5,000, nearly one in 10 people in South Cave expressed opposition to the plans by Gladman Developments. The developer wants to build on land off Little Wold Lane. South Cave Parish Council has also objected to the proposal, saying it would cause "landscape harm" in the picturesque village. A local campaign group, Save Our Valley, is co-ordinating opposition to the development. Villagers claim the new housing would run parallel to the Wolds Way, a national walking trail, "seriously impacting" on views across the valley. Concerns have also been raised about increased flooding risk and congestion. Gladman said the development would "provide a choice of housing to meet the needs of the area, whilst respecting and enhancing the site's environmental and cultural assets". The development would include access roads and landscaping, together with a play area. The standard consultation on the proposals finishes on 7 April.
Graham Dwyer, 42, from the Foxrock suburb of south Dublin, pleaded not guilty to the murder of Elaine O'Hara. The remains of Ms O'Hara, 36, were found in the Dublin mountains on 13 September 2013. She was last seen on 22 August 2012, the day of her alleged murder, near Shanganagh cemetery in south Dublin. The judge said 40 days of evidence, stretching back over five years, boils down to what happened in the three hours after Ms O'Hara vanished. He told the seven men and five women they could take as long or as short a time as they needed to reach "a conscientious and properly considered verdict".
Yorkshire Water said the problem was detected at water treatment works at Tophill Low and Keldgate. A spokesman said the issue had now been resolved but it could take several hours for water supplies to return to normal. The HU7 and HU8 postcodes were particularly affected by the problem, along with other places in the city. Tens of thousands of residents could be affected, but the exact figure will not be known until an investigation has been carried out. Yorkshire Water said: "We apologise for the inconvenience caused this morning and hope to get the issue resolved and the water supply back to normal by the end of the day.
There were more than 2,000 family doctors in September 2014, excluding registrars, retainers and locums working in around 460 practices. Health Minister Mark Drakeford said the statistics showed Welsh ministers' "commitment to invest in our NHS". But Plaid Cymru highlighted a 1% fall in GP numbers from 2013/14, warning a "recruitment crisis is looming". Plaid health spokeswoman Elin Jones said the fact that 23% of GPs were aged 55 or over and nearing retirement age needed to addressed.
Ali Assadalla scored a superb goal after 32 minutes, as he dribbled past several players prior to a calm finish. Qatar threatened several times in the first half, and the visitors dominated the second but rarely looking like finding an equaliser. The closest they came was a volley from substitute Ishak Belfodil. The 2022 World Cup hosts are led by former Algeria international Djamel Belmadi. Elsewhere, Ivory Coast beat Angola 2-0 at home in the Elephants' first match on home soil since winning last month's Nations Cup. Diarrassouba Viera scored in the first half, before Salomon Kalou struck deep into the second as Ivorian fans had a chance to celebrate their second African crown. It was also a chance to say farewell to stalwarts Kolo Toure and Boubacar Barry, who were in the squad to say goodbye. They retired after finally winning the trophy at what was both players' seventh Nations Cup appearance. In Cairo, Argentine coach Hector Cuper made a winning start to his Egypt career as the seven-time African champions beat this year's Nations Cup hosts Equatorial Guinea 2-0. The Pharaohs left it late though, as Bassem Morsi and Mahmoud Hassan scored in the closing minutes. On Friday, The Gambia play Mauritania while Tunisia take on Japan.
Reports of a "mass murder" investigation in France and pictures of German policemen carting bags of evidence from his parents' home suggest that officials are determined to find out. But this appears to be a case of murder-suicide, which is very different and extremely rare. In these incidents, one person wishing to end their life takes the lives of others - in this case, complete strangers - at the same time. The statistics show that most murder-suicides happen in domestic settings, and involve a man and his spouse. Murder-suicides involving pilots or in gun massacres are, in fact, much, much rarer. What drives people to these acts is therefore virtually impossible to determine because there is no common theme and the perpetrators don't leave notes explaining their actions. In contrast to the motivations of a suicide bomber, which are intentionally well-publicised, those behind a murder-suicide are usually more difficult to fathom. No-one, of course, can pretend to know what was in Lubitz's mind as he locked the cockpit door and instigated the plane's devastating descent. Simon Wessely, president of the Royal College of Psychiatrists, says it's unlikely we will ever know. "It's possible something will emerge, but in most suicides people leave clues or a message. "Incredibly extreme events like this are sometimes just inexplicable. "Despite this, the media has been quick to point the finger at Lubitz's history of depression. German newspapers have also reported that he had received psychiatric treatment and may have been experiencing a "personal life crisis". In reality, there is a multitude of factors, feelings and personality traits which could push someone to such an extreme course of action. Alcohol problems, drug misuse, broken relationships or marriages, personality disorders, work stresses - in the past or at the time of the act - can all play a part. Mental health charities agree, and have been queuing up to plead for more understanding about depression, and less sensationalist language. They say the vast majority of people with depression do not hurt anyone, and research shows that their risk is primarily to themselves. Marjorie Wallace, chief executive of mental health charity Sane, says: "There are thousands of people with a diagnosis of depression, including pilots, who work, hold positions of high responsibility and who present no danger whatsoever. "We do not know what part depression played in this tragedy but it is a condition that should never be trivialised. "Charities said there was a danger that mental health problems could be stigmatised by coverage of the crash, making people more afraid to talk about their experiences. Dr Paul Keedwell, consultant psychiatrist and specialist in mood disorders, also says mental health problems are not a sufficient explanation for what happened. "Among cases of murder-suicide in general, the rate of previously diagnosed depression varies from 40% to 60%, depending on the context. "But he does say that of those who are depressed, very few are being treated for it. It is clear that men find it particularly difficult to seek help if they have a history of mental illness. In the UK, for example, 75% of suicides are in men. Lubitz passed the tests set by his employer which indicated he was fit to fly, but it has since come to light that he may have been hiding an illness from them. This illness and his seeming inability to talk about it or come to terms with it may hold some small clue to his actions. But, in reality, there is never going to be an adequate explanation for murder-suicides - particularly for the families of those killed.
The Charles Dickens Museum in London has been given the grant to buy the desk and chair, which has always been in private ownership. They had been passed down through the Dickens family after his death in 1870, but were auctioned for the Great Ormond Street Charitable Trust in 2004. Dickens used the desk in his final home in Gad's Hill Place in Kent. Our Mutual Friend and his unfinished novel The Mystery of Edwin Drood were also penned at the desk. The furniture would have been sold at public auction if it was not for the grant from the  National Heritage Memorial Fund (NHMF). Made famous in two paintings begun the year he died, the Empty Chair by Luke Fildes and Dickens' Dream by RW Buss, the desk and chair are already on display at the Charles Dickens Museum at the author's former home. Robert Moye, director of the Charles Dickens Museum, said: "We are delighted to have been able to acquire Charles Dickens' iconic writing desk and chair for permanent display in his study at 48 Doughty Street. "They hold a unique place in our literary heritage and, as we embark on our exhibition exploring The Mystery of Edwin Drood, it is timely that the desk he used when writing his final novel has been secured for the benefit of all our visitors.
Last week Mr Cameron told the BBC he would not serve a third term as PM.Asked by Andrew Marr if that meant Mr Cameron would have to "stand down at some point during the next Parliament", Mr Duncan Smith replied: "He does. "Downing Street said the PM would serve "every single day" of a second term. In his BBC interview on Monday, the prime minister said that, if re-elected this May, he would serve the full five years of another Parliament and then leave Number 10 - leading Labour to accuse him of arrogance. Mr Duncan Smith told BBC One's Andrew Marr Show the "way that all comes about will have to be discussed" adding that Mr Cameron would "serve what essentially is a full term" - but there would "of course" be a leadership contest at some point. "You've had to literally rap the knuckles of people like Gordon Brown and previous prime ministers to get them to think of going," he said. "[Mr Cameron] is actually very keen to say 'there is a limit, there's an amount of time a prime minister should serve before they get stale,' and he is right about that. "Mr Cameron has tipped Home Secretary Theresa May, Chancellor George Osborne and London Mayor Boris Johnson as potential successors. But Mr Duncan Smith said that, having been Conservative leader at a time when the party "was quite interested in having a fight in an empty room", he would not make predictions. He said he expected the next Conservative leader would already have been "in the public sphere for some time". Following Sunday's interview, a Downing Street source told the BBC: "David is very clear he will serve a full five-year second term, every single day of that as prime minister. "In terms of what happens in five years' time, we'll sort that out in five years' time. "A YouGov poll for the Sunday Times  has suggested Labour has a four-point lead over the Conservatives, putting Labour on 36% with the Tories on 32% - while an Opinium poll for The Observer suggests the Tories are on 34% and Labour are on 33%.
The bodies were found on Sunday, but no identities have been released. Two people have been reported missing from a sushi restaurant hit by the blast: Nicholas Figueroa, who was on a date there, and a worker, Moises Lucon. A further 22 people were injured in the explosion and subsequent fire, four critically. Utility inspectors had declared plumbing and gas work inside one of the buildings faulty just an hour before the explosion, locking the line to ensure it would not be used and then leaving, officials said. The blast that followed soon after left heaps of bricks and mangled debris across the street in Manhattan's East Village. Mr Figueroa's date, who is being treated in hospital, remembers only stumbling out of the restaurant before losing consciousness. New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said officials would investigate whether anyone had improperly tapped the gas supply prior to the blast.
Jeremy Zeid, who was standing in Hendon, said President Obama should be "locked up" by the Israelis for "leaking state secrets". He was referring to the declassifying of documents on Israel's secret nuclear programme. UKIP said Mr Zeid resigned last week due to health issues. It is not clear exactly when he resigned, but he made the posts last Wednesday and Thursday. Raymond Shamash, a surgeon originally from north-west London, was revealed as Mr Zeid's replacement after news of the Facebook posts emerged. Mr Zeid also said Israel should "do an Eichmann" on President Obama. Adolf Eichmann was a Nazi war criminal abducted by Israeli agents in 1960 and later hanged for his role in the murders of millions of Jews in World War Two. Hendon is one of the most marginal seats in the country with the Conservatives defending a majority of 106.
John Morley, 29, of Deanstown, Finglas West, is alleged to have carried out a sustained weekend attack at the Chimney Corner Hotel in Mallusk. The victim, Derek White, was said to have been stabbed in the chest and leg. Mr Morley, is charged with the attempted wounding of Mr White and possession of an offensive weapon with intent to commit an offence. He is further accused of disorderly behaviour and possession of Class B drugs, namely cannabis. He will not be released from custody until all conditions are met - including the lodgement of a Â£2,000 cash surety. Police detained him after being called to the hotel just outside north Belfast in the early hours of Sunday. Paramedics were already on the scene treating Mr White, who is believed to be aged in his 30s. At the defendant's first appearance before Belfast Magistrates' Court it was alleged that he chased the victim through the hotel with a flick knife. A police officer revealed the two men had travelled to Northern Ireland with their children for a football match.
Condor Liberation - which sails between Poole in Dorset and the Channel Islands - struck the quayside at St Peter Port, Guernsey. The vessel, which is meant to be more resistant to heavy seas, has been out of service for repairs since the crash on 28 March. An investigation is continuing into the accident. While the ferry was out of service, the MV Arrow was brought in to carry freight while the Commodore Clipper and the Condor Express carried passengers.
Michael Gunn, a retired chartered accountant, wants to spend some of it on a new roof for the church hall. But in defiance of experts, he also wants to use the money for a transatlantic cruise. The changes take effect on Bank Holiday Monday, so Mr Gunn will receive the payment on Tuesday morning. "I had no idea they'd whisk me into the limelight, and say I am the first," he told the BBC. "But I don't mind that. "Initially he wants to donate cash to the fund for the church hall roof - in the village of Newton Poppleford - after it burnt down in a fire. But later in the year he is planning to take his wife across the Atlantic on board the Queen Mary Two. Mr Gunn was not prepared to say how much he would be taking out of his pension pot, but he has taken care to heed warnings about tax bills. "What I like about this is that you are totally in charge of how much tax you are exposed to - to stay within a lower tax band," he said. Last week the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) said thousands of people withdrawing money might find themselves paying much more tax than they needed to. Other experts have pointed out that, in any case, people taking out cash will have to pay what is called "emergency tax". Unless individuals can show a P45 tax form, HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) will treat any payments as if they are a new monthly salary. In other words, they will charge tax on the basis that the new income is repeated every month for a year. So anyone cashing in a pension of Â£18,000 - assuming nothing is taken tax-free- would be charged an immediate tax bill of Â£6,592. Those in that position will have to reclaim the tax using forms P50 or P53. However HMRC has promised they will get the money back within a month. Meanwhile, hundreds of staff from Citizens Advice - and Citizens Advice Scotland - are preparing to offer free face-to-face interviews with anyone who needs help, from Tuesday. Those aged 55 or over can go to one of 500 offices in England and Wales, or 90 in Scotland.  Those living in very remote areas of Scotland can arrange home visits. But customers will only receive "guidance", not advice. "What we don't do is provide any details of which companies people can go to for pensions - or which particular products," said Richard Chilton, one of those who will be conducting the interviews. "But we provide guidance on what the options are," he said. Anyone wanting to book an interview, or receive telephone guidance, should call the Pension Wise service, on 030 0330 1001. Are you planning to cash in your pension? What do you think about the changes?  Email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk with your stories. If you would be happy to speak further to a BBC journalist, please include a contact telephone number. Email your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk, upload them here, tweet them to @BBC_HaveYourSay or text 61124.  If you are outside the UK, send them to the international number +44 7624 800 100. Or WhatsApp us on +44 7525 900971Read our terms and conditions.
Japan's shares rose despite a central bank survey showing firms expect inflation to rise 1. 4% a year from now, casting doubts on the bank's pledge to hit 2% this fiscal year. The Nikkei 225 ended up 1. 5% at 19,312. 79, leading the region's gains. That is its biggest daily percentage gain since 12 February. Investors are also awaiting key jobs figures from the US on Friday. Concerns over the health of the world's largest economy were raised after data on Wednesday showed the pace of US manufacturing growth in March eased to its slowest in nearly two years. The dollar remained under pressure, buying 119. 62 yen. In China, the Shanghai Composite closed 0. 4% higher at 3,825. 78, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index ended up 0. 8% at 25,275. 64. In Australia, the S&P/ASX 200 closed up 0. 7% at 5,898. 6 as bank stocks were boosted on growing expectations of an interest rate cut by the central bank next week. A private survey also showed that inflation rose from a five-year trough in March as petrol prices rebounded. The TD Securities-Melbourne Institute's monthly measure of consumer prices rose 0. 4% in March, from February when it had been unchanged. The annual pace was up to 1. 5%, from 1. 3%, but stayed well below the central bank's target band of 2% to 3%. The Australian market will be closed on Friday and Monday for the Easter holiday. South Korean shares closed flat after data showed the country's seasonally-adjusted current account surplus in February at a record high for the second consecutive month. Exports in February rose by 2% from January while imports fell 0. 4%. The benchmark Kospi index was at 2,029. 07.
Mother Josephine's parents fled to Taiwan from China with the retreating Nationalist party after it lost the civil war to the Communists in the late 1940s.  They believed the Republic of China and mainland China were part of the same country and that is what she was taught. Father Clyde worked for years at Taiwan's agency promoting trade, including with China.  He and Mrs Wang believe Taiwan must have good relations with its biggest trade partner and former enemy, which wants Taiwan to be reunified one day.  They don't support unification or independence, but maintaining the status quo. But son Kevin, 30, strongly feels Taiwan is a separate country and must assert its independence or risk being swallowed up by China. "My parents still think we are Chinese.  In university I began doubting what I had been taught was correct," Kevin said.  "Now I believe Taiwan should be independent in all ways possible. "The current government of the Republic of China in Taiwan is still inextricably tied to the concept that we are a part of China, so we need to cut the umbilical cord. "People like Kevin have joined the so-called Sunflower Movement, which last year occupied parliament for 24 days sparking the largest anti-China demonstration in years. They blocked the legislative approval of a controversial trade deal with China and forced the government to agree to a new law allowing more public oversight of negotiations with Beijing. Though activities on the one-year anniversary in March were relatively small, and parliament is once again occupied by legislators, it's far from business as usual. The movement has made many people feel that they, not just the government or ruling Kuomintang (KMT) party, should have a say in what kind of relationship Taiwan develops with China. It has also contributed to a major defeat for the pro-China ruling party in November local elections.  If it further fuels fears about China and dissatisfaction with the KMT, it could help the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) win next year's presidential race. At the same time, it is pushing for reforms to Taiwan's referendum law to make it easier for referenda to pass. Sunflower leaders say this will advance Taiwan's democratisation and safeguard its sovereignty by allowing the people to directly decide issues, including Taiwan's separate identity and relationship with China. "If recognition of Taiwan's identity can be protected, then that will further Taiwan's self-rule.  This is very important to us," said Sunflower leader Lin Fei-fan. But not everyone supports the movement. Though many deals have been signed with China in recent years, including some widely considered beneficial to Taiwan, would-be agreements are now on hold indefinitely. This is causing concern from not only businesses such as banks that need greater access to China's market, but others who also believe it's crucial for the small island of Taiwan to have stronger ties with China, especially economic ones. That includes Jen-Hsuan Hsieh, a recent university graduate.  "The whole world is trying to understand China.  We should do the same," she said. "Even if you consider it your enemy, you should still understand your enemy well. "A freelance interpreter, she is looking for work in China, where the opportunities are greater and wages higher. She's not alone.  A recent survey showed about one third of Taiwanese in their 20s and 30s want to work in China; more than in previous years. That raises the question of whether time is on China's side or Taiwan's. With time, Taiwan's economy and people's livelihoods may become more interlinked with China, making it easier for Beijing to push for unification. But with time, Taiwanese people could grow even more adamant about the island's separate entity.  A survey conducted late last year by the local China Youth Corps found nearly 90% of junior and senior-high school students regarded themselves as Taiwanese, rather than Chinese. Some suggest that if China becomes democratic, and its average living standard reaches Taiwan's level, differences between the two sides will be blurred, and if its people understand more about Taiwan with time, their views about unification may weaken, making such a debate unnecessary. For now, Beijing is watching the Sunflower Movement closely.  However, it may be unsure how to react, partly because it's no longer about dealing with one political party versus another, but many civic groups and individuals driving the movement. So far, it has mainly suggested reaching out to Taiwan's young people. Back at the Wang home, the family avoid discussing the issue of Taiwan's sovereignty or Kevin's part in the movement until they are asked.  But it's clear he wants to become more involved. "Maintaining the status quo will inevitably mean reunification with China.  What a lot of people in our generation are pushing for right now is de jure independence, formal independence," he said. His parents accept that his generation will ultimately decide their society's future; they just hope it makes the right decisions. "We don't know what's going to happen in a couple more generations," said his father, Clyde.  "I don't think it's a good idea to antagonise China and to provoke war across the strait. ""What I like to see happen in the future is eventually this historical problem will be solved in a very peaceful way.
A major emergency had been declared at the airport after the Italian C-27J aircraft lost communication. It was escorted to Prestwick by RAF Typhoons as a precaution and landed without incident shortly before 20:00. Police Scotland said the C-27J had been flying from Iceland to Italy. Flights are believed to have been delayed for a short time at Glasgow and Edinburgh, but Scottish airspace was not closed. Prestwick Airport also remained open throughout, and a Ryanair passenger flight to Malta took off a short time after the Italian plane landed. A video posted on Facebook by the Ayrshire News newspaper appeared to show the civilian aircraft landing at the airport.  The Typhoons did not land. Photographs from the scene posted on social media showed several emergency service vehicles which had been summoned to the scene as a precaution. A spokesman for the Ministry of Defence said: "Typhoon aircraft were launched this evening from RAF Lossiemouth to intercept a civilian aircraft which was causing concern to air traffic control authorities. "The aircraft was safely escorted to Prestwick airport and the local police now have the lead.
Blues built a 14-3 lead with tries by Lloyd Williams and Gareth Anscombe. Hallam Amos hit back before the break, Nic Cudd followed up and they earned a penalty try. Josh Navidi went over as Blues staged a late challenge, but the hosts held on to earn a last-four clash with Edinburgh. The talking points began well before kick-off. Dragons boss Lyn Jones named Wales number eight Taulupe Faletau on the bench with Nick Crosswell preferred in their starting back-row. Blues picked former Wales and British and Irish Lions prop Adam Jones on the bench and they suffered a late blow when Argentine Joaquin Tuculet failed a fitness test. Scrum-half Tavis Knoyle took over at centre with Lewis Jones coming on to the bench while Scott Andrews was picked at tight-head ahead of Jones. That meant four of the Blues' changes were enforced, with fly-half Rhys Patchell, centre Cory Allen and makeshift midfielder Tuculet injured and Lucas Amorosino ineligible. The opening period belonged to the visitors as they built a 14-3 lead by exploiting Dragons' defensive frailties. Jones' side were exposed time and again through fly-half Anscombe, wing Alex Cuthbert and scrum-half Williams. When centre Jack Dixon allowed Cuthbert a gap, the wing set up the ruck from which Williams squeezed over and Anscombe added the extras. Wing Tom Prydie kicked Dragons' first points, a penalty before Anscombe's try extended the Blues' lead. This time the New Zealand-born Wales hopeful made the most of a hesitant home defence to dart over, again converting. Dragons' fightback began when Anscombe returned the favour to the hosts by picking the wrong defensive line. Anscombe was attracted by Jack Dixon's presence to allow wing Amos the time and space to burst clear. Prydie's conversion made it 14-10 to the Blues at the break. Poor line-out defence allowed Dragons to seize the initiative and after Faletau led the phase-play charge, replacement flanker Cudd reached the line. Blues' implosion continued as Jonathan Evans charged down Williams' clearance. The visiting scrum-half then tried to drag his opposite number back and referee JP Doyle awarded the penalty try, converted by PrydieWilliams was also sin-binned, but was back as Blues launched their late effort to regain the lead after home fly-half Dorian Jones' penalty. A dominant scrum allowed Navidi to touch down and Anscombe to convert, but Dragons thwarted Blues' final assault to seal victory. NG Dragons: Jason Tovey; Tom Prydie, Pat Leach, Jack Dixon, Hallam Amos; Dorian Jones, Jonathan Evans; Phil Price, T Rhys Thomas (capt), Brok Harris, Andrew Coombs, Cory Hill, James Thomas, James Benjamin, Nick Crosswell. Replacements: Hugh Gustafson, Lloyd Fairbrother, Dan Way, Taulupe Faletau, Nic Cudd, Luc Jones, Tyler Morgan, Geraint Rhys Jones. Cardiff Blues: Dan Fish; Alex Cuthbert, Gavin Evans, Tavis Knoyle, Richard Smith; Gareth Anscombe, Lloyd Williams; Gethin Jenkins, Matthew Rees (capt), Scott Andrews, Jarrad Hoeata, Lou Reed, Josh Turnbull, Sam Warburton, Josh Navidi. Replacements: Kristian Dacey, Sam Hobbs, Adam Jones, Macauley Cook, Ellis Jenkins, Lewis Jones, Simon Humberstone, Gareth Davies. Referee: JP Doyle (England)Assistant referees:  Greg Garner (England), Matthew Carley (England).
However, the nation seems divided over whether there should be another referendum on independence in the near future. Pollsters Ipsos Mori asked voters to give a score out of 10 to a range of policies which could be implemented by the next UK government. A ranking of one meant it should not be implemented, while 10 meant it should be implemented immediately. Ipsos Mori surveyed more than 1,000 adults between 19 and 25 March. Click here to see the full results. Many of those questioned seemed to favour going beyond the Smith Commission proposals, which suggested that Holyrood should control income tax rates and bands as well as some welfare benefits. Give Holyrood full control of income tax 6. 8Increase top rate of tax to 50p 7. 2Increase minimum wage to £7. 85 8. 2The most popular of the policy statements in this category was that of giving Holyrood the power to increase benefits and old age pensions, which scored 7. 3 out of 10 on the scale. Close behind was the notion that the Scottish Parliament should have full control of welfare benefits, with a score of 7. 1. Scots appear to place a greater emphasis on embedding and extending powers at Holyrood parliament than on holding a second independence referendum. When asked to give a score of between 1 and 10, where 10 is an important priority and should be done quickly, each of the four issues relating to additional powers for the Scottish Parliament achieved high average scores. Giving Holyrood power to increase benefits and pensions achieved an average score of 7. 3 out of 10, a little higher than devolving full control of welfare benefits (7. 1), full control of income tax (6. 8) and full control of all policy other than defence and foreign affairs (6. 5). Interestingly, analysis shows that, for each of these issues, support is higher among groups who are more likely to have voted 'Yes' in last year's referendum. Read Mark's analysis of the poll. The idea that Holyrood should have full control of income tax was given a score of 6. 8. Still popular, but a bit further down the ranking with a score of 6. 5, was the suggestion that Holyrood should control all areas of policy apart from defence and foreign affairs - what most analysts call full fiscal autonomy. The results of the poll suggested that voters would rather have a referendum on whether or not to leave the European Union than another referendum on Scottish independence. Voters gave the policy statement "hold another referendum on Scottish independence within the next five years" a score of 5. 6 out of 10. Cap amount paid in welfare to a household 6. 3Limit numbers coming to live in UK 6. 3Give Holyrood full control of welfare 7. 1The policy statement "hold a referendum to ask people whether they wish to stay in or leave the European Union" was slightly more popular, with a score of 6. 1 out of 10. The idea of stopping immigrants from the rest of the European Union from claiming welfare benefits until they have been in the UK for four years scored 6. 8. The policy of putting a limit on the number of people coming to live in the UK was less popular, with a score of 6. 3. As ever, how much the next government should spend and how much it should tax is proving to be one of the central issues of the UK general election campaign. And there seems to be little doubt as to where the majority of Scots stand on this issue, at least if the evidence of BBC Scotland's issues poll is to be believed. The poll strongly suggests that:Read Professor Curtice's analysis of the pollIncreasing the amount spent on the armed forces was scored 6. 2. However, renewing and upgrading the Trident nuclear deterrent, came joint last in the poll of priorities, with a score of 4. 0. The poll also indicated some support for bringing the railways back into public ownership - this scored 6. 5 out of 10. "Ensuring authorities cannot access personal data unless an individual is suspected of taking part in an illegal activity" was among the most popular policy statements tested, with a score of 7. 6.
A foul smell led residents to the site in March. The government says all the bodies were buried in a single night and include stillborn babies and unclaimed bodies. But Human Rights Watch says they must check to see if any of the people killed during anti-government protests in January have been buried there. Dozens of demonstrators died in protests over a proposed electoral law change which would have required a national census to be held before the presidential election could take place. The US-based watchdog Human Rights Watch (HWR) has said that bodies went missing during the protests and also during government crackdowns on criminal gangs in the capital last year and in 2013. Human rights workers first became aware of the burial site after residents of Maluku in Kinshasa reported a terrible smell near the local cemetery more than two weeks ago. A woman working in the field then discovered a limb sticking out of the ground. The DR Congo government has said that the bodies were all buried in individual graves on 19 March. A spokesman said on Monday that there would be no exhumations of the bodies.
Richard Duffy fired Vale in front after Neil Collins headed down a corner for the defender to coolly latch onto. Scunthorpe's Paddy Madden could have levelled later on but fired the ball over the crossbar from close range. But Wootton's late goal rescued a point and prevented the visitors from taking their first win in eight games. The Iron remain in 17th, a point above 18th-placed Vale who are three points above the League One relegation zone. Scunthorpe manager Mark Robins told BBC Radio Humberside:Media playback is not supported on this device"We were by no means at our best tonight but we've created enough chances to win the game. "We gave them one shot at goal and they scored. "The changes we made had an impact no doubt about that - I told Kyle (Wooten) to go make a name for himself which he has thankfully gone and done.
In a landmark move, the Federal Court told six firms to divulge names and addresses of those who downloaded The Dallas Buyers Club. The case was lodged by the US company that owns the rights to the 2013 movie. The court said the data could only be used to secure "compensation for the infringements" of copyright. In the case, which was heard in February, the applicants said they had identified 4,726 unique IP addresses from which their film was shared online using BitTorrent, a peer-to-peer file sharing network.  They said this had been done without their permission. Once they received the names of account holders, the company would then have to prove copyright infringement had taken place. The judgment comes amidst a crackdown by the Australian government on internet piracy. Australians are among the world's most regular illegal downloaders of digital content.  The delay in release dates for new films and TV shows, and higher prices in Australia for digital content, have prompted many Australians to find surreptitious ways to watch new shows. The ISPs involved in the case, including Australia's second-largest provider iiNet, said releasing customer information would be a breach of privacy and lead to what is known in the US as "speculative invoicing". This is where account holders are threatened with court cases that could result in large damages unless smaller settlement fees are paid. The ISPs argued also that the monetary claims which the US company, Dallas Buyers Club LLC, had against each infringer were so small "that it was plain that no such case could or would be maintained by the applicants". But Justice Nye Perram ruled that the customer information could be released on condition it was only used to recover compensation for copyright infringement. "I will also impose a condition on the applicants that they are to submit to me a draft of any letter they propose to send to account holders associated with the IP addresses which have been identified," he ruled. Justice Perram said the ruling was also important for deterring illegal downloading. "It is not beyond the realm of possibilities that damages of a sufficient size might be awarded under this provision in an appropriately serious case in a bid to deter people from the file-sharing of films," he said. The case came to court after Dallas Buyers Club LLC contacted iiNet and other ISPs, asking them to divulge customer details without a court order.  The ISPs refused. The ISPs have yet to say if they will appeal against the court ruling. Professor of Law at the University of Technology, Sydney, Michael Fraser said it was an important judgement for ISPs and customers.
Pontio at Bangor University was due to open in September and is largely being paid for with public funds. The worker claims building mistakes and extensive water damage are responsible for delays and pushing it over budget. Construction firm Galliford Try said challenges were not out of the ordinary and were being met to deliver a "high quality" building. The Pontio arts and innovation centre is due to include a theatre, cinema and innovation and creative hub linked to the university. Photos obtained from inside the building in Bangor reveal some of the problems. Newly-laid floors have been dug up and recently finished walls and ceilings hacked apart because of extensive water damage. Staircases, basement rooms and the arts centre's new cinema have all suffered damage. The worker told BBC Wales: "You get sent to do something in the morning, and then halfway through the day you get pulled away to do something else. "So, boards and ceilings are going up without asking the electricians or the plumbers if they've finished in the roof.  They then have to cut out holes to bring their cables through. "INSIDE PONTIOThe worker also said tiles were expanding when water got into them and have been replaced several times due to the damage. "It's just - it's a mess, to be honest. "He described the hurry to try to complete the building last September: "It was such a rush that the rest of the building was abandoned.  I think the rush was so big, a lot of mistakes were done. "The worker added: "They might open in June.  But you'll have some painters who'll still be there at least until September. "A spokesman for Middlesex-based Galliford Try said as with any project of the level of complexity that the Pontio building represents the construction team has faced "a number of challenges throughout the build programme". He added: "None of these issues has been out of the ordinary experience of a construction process and all of these challenges are being met, ensuring that the high quality finish of the final building is not compromised. "We remain committed to working collaboratively with the University of Bangor and all the stakeholders involved to reach a successful conclusion to this prestigious project as soon as is practically possible. "Bangor University said it is working with Galliford Try in order that they may complete the building "to a high standard of quality as quickly as possible". A spokesman added: "Galliford Try have assured us that they will complete the building to a high standard of finish and we look forward to seeing the building open. "The Arts Council for Wales is currently withholding the final £1m of capital funds it has promised the project and has not given any capital funding since last July. A spokesman said: "Although we are a minor contributor to the overall project costs, we have been very concerned about the well-publicised delays to this important project. "We have urged Bangor University to work closely with the project contractors to bring outstanding matters to a speedy conclusion.  The remaining funds that we have allocated to the project have been held back until that happens. "The Welsh government said: "We are keen that the current delays should not affect the longer term benefit of the project for the people of north Wales and will continue to support Bangor University so that the project can be completed as soon as possible.
Leeds held a four-point advantage at the break after two converted tries from Jamie Peacock and one for Ash Handley, with Lama Tasi and Niall Evalds replying for Salford. Rob Burrow then scored Leeds' fourth try, but Evalds reduced the deficit. Zak Hardaker's try on the hour, followed by Kevin Sinfield's fourth conversion, sealed the Rhinos' win. The wind was a significant factor in an entertaining first half, with Peacock the first to cross before two tries in four minutes saw Salford hit back as Tasi forced his way over and Evalds raced past the Leeds defence to touch down. Michael Dobson kicked both goals, but Leeds levelled as Peacock finished off Danny McGuire's grubber kick and Sinfield added to his earlier conversion. The Rhinos pulled ahead just before the break as a kick through caught in the wind and Handley eventually dived on it in the corner to make the score 16-12. Burrow finished off Joel Moon's break and Sinfield added the extras for Leeds to extend their lead, but Evalds collected a hopeful high kick to score Salford's third converted try to bring them back to only four points in arrears at 22-18. Hardaker's try followed a burst by Burrow and Sinfield's kick restored the 10-point advantage as Leeds earned their ninth win in 10 Super League games. Salford coach Iestyn Harris said: "Our effort was really good, as was the way we defended apart from conceding a disappointing try just before half-time. "We were a little naive with the ball but that can be down to a lot of forced personnel changes.  We didn't quite have the fluency of Leeds which they had in key positions but we stuck with them for 80 minutes. "Maybe a year or so ago we would have been blown away in the second half against a very good Leeds side.  We only had 17 players available but will have George Griffin back from Wakefield this week. "Leeds coach Brian McDermott: "I wasn't really happy with what we delivered other than the result. "We got away with a few things but the conditions were crazy.  The wind had a big bearing.  We knew we would be a down on energy after Easter but it wasn't a terrible performance and we played a little care-free in the second half. "Jamie Peacock and Stevie Ward were massive, as was Ash Handley, and Zak Hardaker showed a lot of leadership qualities.  But St Helens (Friday's opponents) won't be quaking in their boots the way we played. "Salford: Evalds, Jones-Bishop, Caton-Brown, Sa'u, Johnson, Fages, Dobson, Taylor, Hood, Morley, Hansen, Walton, Forster. Replacements: Tasi for Morley (23), D. Griffin for Forster (25). Leeds: Hardaker, Handley, Ablett, Moon, Golding, McGuire, Burrow, Singleton, Aiton, Peacock, Achurch, S. Ward, Sinfield. Replacements: Cuthbertson for Singleton (21), Sutcliffe for Aiton (34), Delaney for Achurch (42). Att: 4,000Ref: Matthew Thomason (RFL).
Transport staff are recording details of all travellers leaving by commercial air, sea and rail transport. The exit checks were set to particularly affect cross-channel ferry and Channel Tunnel travellers. The government said they were needed to combat illegal immigration and would cause the "least possible disruption". Initial reports suggested the new system had started without any major problems, with no delays at the Eurotunnel terminal in Folkestone or P&O Ferries' terminal in Dover. For the first month all passports will be scanned but only 25% of the passport holders will have their details verified to ensure they are genuine, in a bid to minimise disruption. After a month, there will be a move to 50% verification and by the middle of June 100% verification will be introduced. Data is being collected on all passengers as they leave the UK on scheduled commercial international air, sea and rail routes. The government says exit checks are "predominately an immigration and data tool", giving a "comprehensive picture" of whether people leave the UK when they are supposed to. It says the data - gathered by airline, rail or ferry operator staff - will "improve our ability to identify and further tighten the immigration routes and visas that are most vulnerable to abuse". It will also help security services "track the movements of known or suspected criminals and terrorists". School coach parties of European Economic Area children under the age of 16 will be exempt from checks. Eurotunnel, which manages and operates the Channel Tunnel, said that it was moving to full 100% checks straight away. John Keefe, director of public affairs for Eurotunnel UK, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme passengers "shouldn't expect longer queues". He said some Â£2. 5m had been spent on measures including refurbishing its terminal and that 50 new staff had been recruited. However, he did call for the introduction of new technology to make the process easier and faster in coming years, saying Eurotunnel expected substantial growth in passenger and truck numbers. P&O Ferries said a "quiet day" had been chosen for the introduction of the exit checks, with their spokesman adding: "The actual scanning of passports is quick, it's the verification that takes longer. "John Vine, former independent Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration, told BBC Breakfast: "It will enable the government, for the first time in a long time, to have an idea of who's left in Britain, because up until recently it's not been possible for the government to know who's overstayed their visa and who's remained in the country, and they've not known who's here and who's left. "Immigration minister James Brokenshire said: "Port and travel operators are experts in their business and know their customers best, which is why we've supported them to design and trial the systems for collecting data in a way that will minimise the impact on customers. "The new rules were brought in under the Immigration Act 2014. The Advance Passenger Information system, introduced in 2004, gives the government information on passengers flying in and out of the UK. The exit checks mean information will now be gathered on people leaving by any commercial transport. People arriving in the UK remain subject to passport checks. Are you travelling today? Has your journey been affected by the changes? Email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk with your stories. If you would be happy to speak further to a BBC journalist, please include a contact telephone number. Email your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk, upload them here, tweet them to @BBC_HaveYourSay or text 61124.  If you are outside the UK, send them to the international number +44 7624 800 100. Or WhatsApp us on +44 7525 900971Read our terms and conditions.
The England captain, unbeaten on 95 overnight, reached 101 not out off 198 balls before retiring. St Kitts stuttered to a draw with a second innings of 76-7, after England had declared on 379-6 at tea. Another two-day game follows but with an agreement for England to bowl and bat for 90 overs regardless of wickets. The first Test against West Indies starts in Antigua on 13 April. Cook, 30, has scored an England-record 25 Test tons but has not reached three figures in his last 31 Test innings. His last century for England in any match was 154 (retired out) against Australia A in Hobart on 6 November, 2013. Cook, who was dropped from the one-day squad on the eve of the World Cup, is looking to reassert himself as batsman and captain before England attempt to win back the Ashes in July and August. Ian Bell also retired on 59 as England replied to St Kitts first innings total of 59 all out. Pace bowlers Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood, initially left out of the side, shared the new ball in the second innings and both were among the wickets as coach Peter Moores used 14 players. Kent off-spinner James Tredwell was the pick of the bowlers with 3-35. He said: "We'd have liked a sterner contest but you play the cards you are dealt and get on with it. "A little bit of a sterner contest would have been handy, but it's time in the middle for us.
Burberry rose 2. 81% on speculation that the company could be takeover target for a US private equity firm. Mining shares were hit by a number of broker downgrades following recent falls in commodity prices. At close of trade in London the FTSE 100  index of leading blue chip stocks was ahead by 77. 95 points, or 1. 12%, at 7015. 36. Anglo American shares fell 0. 24% after Credit Suisse cut its rating on the company to "neutral" from "outperform". Downgrades also hit BHP Billiton, which fell 1. 09%.  Credit Suisse cut its rating for BHP to "underperform" from "neutral", while Investec downgraded to "sell" from "hold". On the currency markets, the pound fell 0. 83% against the dollar to $1. 4743 but was up 0. 17% against the euro to ???1. 3813. Sterling was weakened by the latest UK trade figures, which showed the trade deficit widening by more than expected in February. The Bank of England kept UK interest rates on hold at 0. 5% - as expected - following its latest meeting.
On 14 April 1945, just a month before the end of World War Two, 10 US servicemen and one woman died after their Flying Fortress bomber crashed in the Isle of Man. Lt Robert Vielle, an experienced and decorated pilot, had been flying a B-17G from England to Northern Ireland when he hit bad weather over the Irish Sea. The aircraft veered off-course by several miles before coming down and bursting into flames in a field above Port St May. The exact cause of the crash has never been ascertained. Those on board had been sent on a peaceful mission to Northern Ireland to collect supplies of whiskey for a party at the US Army Air Force station at Thurleigh in Essex. Ivor Ramsden, a keen historian and aviation expert, said the flight was an example of the "sheer madness of war".
Poet Thomas was staying in Apartment 205 in the renowned hotel before his death aged 39 on 9 November, 1953. Now developers are about to refurbish the building which will affect the layout of the apartment. Geoff Haden, who restored the poet's Swansea birthplace, is now appealing for help to stop the work going ahead. Mr Haden is asking for people to show "financial and emotional support" to the apartment's current tenant Artie Nash. He said Mr Nash has been battling against developers refurbishing the building for nearly a decade, but work is now due to start on the entrance to the apartment. Mr Haden said: "Time is of the essence as the developers of Hotel Chelsea have told Artie that they are blocking up the doorway and tearing up parts of the apartment to make way for a maintenance stairwell. "Not only is Artie desperately trying to preserve his own home, but also a small piece of literary heritage which is why we are taking on the campaign on both sides of the Atlantic.
The 45-year-old's Honda Fireblade crashed in the opening practice session of the Jurby Motodrome racing meet on Saturday morning. The Andreas Racing Association said Carswell sustained serious injuries in the crash and was taken to Noble's Hospital, where he later died. An investigation into the crash is due to take place, the association said.
Helen Zille said the "time was right" for her to step aside, adding that the DA would benefit from fresh blood. She will remain as premier of Western Cape province until 2019. Ms Zille, a former journalist and anti-apartheid campaigner, has led the party since 2007. "These kinds of decisions are a long time coming, but in the end they are made suddenly," she said. Ms Zille was born in 1951 to German immigrants.  She has been a staunch defender of South Africa's liberal constitution, keeping a check on the leading ANC party's overwhelming power. In the past, she has openly criticised President Jacob Zuma and led a campaign to bring him before the courts to face allegations of bribery. Mr Zuma denied the claims, insisting he was the victim of a "political conspiracy". The DA's support is mainly concentrated in the Western Cape, which has a large white and mixed-race population, but Ms Zille had tried to make inroads into the black electorate.
The Shanghai Composite benchmark ended 2. 2% higher at 4,121. 71. The index crossed the 4,000 mark for the first time since 2008 on Friday. China's monthly trade data showed its exports fell in March from a year ago by 14. 6% in yuan terms, compared with forecasts for a rise of more than 8%. Imports fell 12. 3% in yuan terms compared with forecasts for a fall of more than 11%. The official numbers mean the country's monthly trade surplus has shrunk to its smallest in 13 months. Analysts said the export numbers for March were a surprise. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index closed up 2. 7% at 28,016. 34 to hit a fresh seven-year high as the market continued to benefit from large inflows of money from mainland Chinese investors through the new stock connect trading link. Last month, Beijing allowed mutual funds to invest in Hong Kong through the connect plan. In Japan, the benchmark Nikkei 225 index closed flat, down just 0. 01% at 19,905. 46 points. On Friday, the index traded above 20,000 for the first time since April 2000 and it is up nearly 15% this year. Australian shares were in positive territory early on Monday but lost gains later with the S&P/ASX 200 closing down 0. 14% at 5,960. 30. Commodity prices were weighing on shares of some mining companies as iron prices remain depressed. Australia has said it expects the plunging price of iron ore to slash revenue forecasts by A$25bn (£13bn; $19bn) over the next four years. Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey told the Australian Financial Review that the price for iron ore, Australia's biggest export, could fall as low as $35 a tonne. Atlas Iron shares remained suspended.  The company said on Friday that it would stop all mining in Australia because iron ore prices were below its breakeven level. "Despite an extensive cost-cutting programme. . .  the global supply-demand imbalance for iron ore has driven prices down to the point where it is no longer viable for Atlas to continue production," the firm said. In South Korea, the Kospi share index closed up 0. 5% at 2,098. 92.
In an open letter to the girls, she criticised Nigeria's authorities and the international community for not doing enough to secure their release. The Boko Haram militants caused global outrage after abducting the girls from Nigeria's north-eastern Chibok town. The UN estimates that the insurgency has now displaced 800,000 children. "We cannot imagine the full extent of the horrors you have endured.  But please know this: we will never forget you," Ms Yousafzai said in the letter to the 219 girls who were abducted during a night-time raid on their boarding school. She added that there were reasons for "hope and optimism", after recent successes by Nigeria's military in regaining territory from Boko Haram. "I look forward to the day I can hug each one of you, pray with you, and celebrate your freedom with your families," Ms Yousafzai said. In Nigeria, campaign group Bring Back Our Girls has launched a week of events encouraging people to remember the girls ahead of the first anniversary of their abduction on Tuesday. A vigil and candlelit procession is due to be held in the capital Abuja. The UN children's agency, Unicef, said the abduction of the schoolgirls from Chibok was "only one of the endless tragedies being replicated on an epic scale across Nigeria and the region". The number of children fleeing the Boko Haram insurgency has doubled in the past year and more than 1. 5 million people have now been displaced in the six-year conflict, Unicef said in a report.
The Portuguese side went ahead early on through a Ricardo Quaresma penalty, after Manuel Neuer tripped striker Jackson Martinez in the box. Winger Quaresma then dispossessed Dante before running through on goal and calmly slotting a second into the net. Thiago pulled a goal back for Bayern, but Martinez grabbed a brilliant third.  The return leg takes place on 21 April. Porto hold a significant advantage in the tie as they aim to reach their first semi-final since winning the competition in 2004 under Jose Mourinho. Their performance was built on hard work and pressure, before moving the ball quickly to the front, but they were helped by shambolic defending from Bayern. The Germans - who boasted an 11-game unbeaten run in Portugal - managed to claim an away goal, but missed key players including wingers Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben, as well as midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger. Porto boss Julen Lopetegui and Bayern's Pep Guardiola played together at Barcelona in the 1990s, and 48-year-old Lopetegui's tactics were spot on at Estadio do Dragao. The ex-Real Madrid Castilla man deployed a high-intensity pressing game, giving his former team-mate's side little time on the ball. And it worked instantly as Bayern went behind after three minutes.  Midfielder Xabi Alonso was caught in possession by the returning Martinez - playing after six weeks out with a groin injury - who attempted to round goalkeeper Neuer but was brought down. The German received only a yellow card, as the Colombian front man had been running away from goal, and Quaresma dispatched the penalty. Minutes later, former Barcelona and Inter Milan man Quaresma doubled the lead after nicking the ball from Dante, before keeping his composure to stroke home. The visitors reduced the deficit through Thiago, who swept home Jerome Boateng's cross, but Martinez's beautifully taken third with instant control and cool finish - after the ball sailed over Boateng's head - leaves the five-time winners with much to do in the second leg. Porto manager Julen Lopetegui: "It was fundamental that we tried our best to impose ourselves on Bayern and not give them a chance to settle. "We are facing one of the strongest Bayern teams in history.  The hardest part will be in Munich. "We will need to produce a perfect performance in Germany next week to progress. "Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola: "There's still another leg.  We're a bit upset but we have six days to analyse it. "We have players who were out a long time with injuries - their legs don't last very long,""It's a tough result to take into the second leg, but we'll give it a go.
The candidates were responding to a question about proposed changes to health care in Staffordshire at a debate run by BBC Radio Stoke. They were asked about a consultation by clinical commissioning groups (CCGs) which buy health services in the area. The consultation is looking at reducing bed-blocking and improving efficiency. Ian Wilkes, for the Liberal Democrats, told the debate, at St George's Centre in Newcastle, health care and care in the home were not "joined-up". "When you come out of hospital there should be care ready and waiting," he said. Phil Wood for UKIP, said at the moment too many people in the NHS were "trying to protect their own budgets and let someone else have the problem". He said his party would put £3bn a year in to stop "[its] creeping privatisation". Replying, Sam Gibbons, the Green Party's candidate, claimed UKIP leader Nigel Farage had said he would like a private-style health care system. Mr Gibbons said cuts had meant managers at hospitals, including his mother who was a nurse and ward manager, still provided clinical care alongside "heavy workloads". Labour's Paul Farrelly said the first question should be "what does the individual need?" and not "whose budget is it coming from?". Questioned on Labour's objection to plans for the tendering of NHS cancer and end-of-life contracts across Staffordshire, he claimed the area was being used as "a guinea pig for further creeping privatisation". Tony Cox, parliamentary candidate for the Conservative Party, said his party recognised "there needs to be better integration" between health and social care but the move had been hampered by "some reluctance" from councils and some NHS departments. "But locally this year Staffordshire County Council have this year invested another £20m into social care which is where we've realised the pressures are actually happening," he said. David Nixon is standing as an independent a parliamentary candidate for Newcastle-under-Lyme.
Karma Khayat and her TV station al-Jadeed are accused of contempt of court for revealing details about witnesses. They deny any wrongdoing, and say they are fighting for freedom of speech. The five men accused of killing Mr Hariri remain in hiding, and are being tried by the tribunal in absentia. Mr Hariri was killed along with 21 others when his motorcade was hit by a massive bomb blast in the Lebanese capital Beirut on 14 February 2005. The Special Tribunal for Lebanon (STL) was set up by the United Nations to try those responsible for the killings.  The five suspects still at large have been linked to the militant Shia Islamist movement, Hezbollah. A few minutes after opening on Thursday, the tribunal went into private session, the BBC's Anna Holligan reports from The Hague. It followed accusations from the defence that the prosecution had revealed new evidence just a day before the hearing, and was thus attempting a "trial by ambush", our correspondent adds. Prosecutors in the case say Ms Khayat and al-Jadeed published a list of witnesses' names, which undermined the confidence of those witnesses because they had been promised anonymity. Ms Khayat says the list she published was redacted, which made it impossible to identify any witnesses but showed the tribunal was vulnerable to leaks.  The full list of witnesses was later published by other parties unknown, she asserts. Ms Khayat accused the court of attempting to silence the Lebanese media "in order not to criticise the tribunal in future". "I believe my role in court is not to defend Karma Khayat and not to defend al-Jadeed; there's nothing to defend, we have a very strong case," she told the BBC."I am there to defend freedom of speech and freedom of press," she added.
Megan Huntsman, 40, was arrested a year ago after the bodies were found in cardboard boxes in the garage of her former house. In February she pleaded guilty to six counts of murder. A judge in the city of Provo gave her the maximum sentence of at least 30 years and up to life in prison. Police said that the babies were born between 1996 and 2006 and were suffocated or strangled by Huntsman immediately after birth. They said she put the bodies in plastic bags and packed them in boxes in the garage of her home in Pleasant Grove, about 45 miles (75km) south of Salt Lake City. She left the boxes behind when she moved out of the house and they were found by her estranged husband, Darren West, last April.  A seventh baby also found there was believed to be stillborn. Police said Huntsman had been a heavy methamphetamine user and "didn't want the babies". In court papers she said she wanted to take responsibility for the deaths. Officials said Mr West was the father of the babies but he was not a suspect in the case.  He and Huntsman have three other children together. In April 2014 he had just been released after serving eight years in prison for drug crimes and was retrieving some of his belongings from the house when he made the gruesome discovery. A final decision on how long Huntsman will spend behind bars will be made by a parole board.  Prosecutors said that she was likely to spend the rest of her life in prison.
Christopher Adjei, 29, of Riversdale Road, Ramsgate, pleaded guilty to assault with intent to commit a sexual offence and battery. Kent Police said he grabbed the woman, tried to cover her mouth with his hand, and forced her to the ground in the early hours in Church Lane. Adjei fled the scene when the woman asked what he wanted. Officers traced Adjei after his DNA was found on the victim's coat and were able to piece together his whereabouts on 14 June 2014, the night of the attack, based on his bank details and a train ticket to Canterbury. Det Sgt Daniel Aylett said Adjei put the victim through a terrifying experience. A warrant was issued for Adjei's arrest after he walked out of a Canterbury Crown Court hearing in August. He was arrested the following month in the Thanet area. Adjei was also ordered to spend two years on extended licence after his release from jail as part of his sentence.
The package includes a Â£250 Carer's Bonus for those looking after others for 35 hours a week or more. Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood called for a northern powerhouse for Wales in a speech at Bangor University. Meanwhile, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon visited Wales to meet business leaders. Also on Thursday, Wales Green leader Pippa Bartolotti called for the legalisation of cannabis for medical use in a speech in Cardiff. Speaking of the Lib Dems' plans, Mr Clegg said: "Our new Carer's Package will ensure society pays back the service that carers give to their loved ones and the community, easing the pressure they are under, and providing the support needed to live happier, more fulfilling lives. "As for Plaid Cymru's call for a northern powerhouse, Ms Wood told students: "Devolution from London cannot stop at Cardiff Bay - there must be a devolution dividend for all Wales, for all communities. "This is especially the case for those furthest away from the capital.  Wales is a community of communities.
The coins, which are known as Scottish groats, were discovered by keen metal detector Tom Crawford last January. They were buried about eight inches beneath the soil on a farm near Banbridge. Experts believe they are part of a larger hoard of coins found by Mr Crawford in the same field in 2001. The collection was probably dispersed over time through ploughing. This was Mr Crawford's fourth time at a treasure trove inquest. He said his success was about "knowing where to go" and "having a fair idea of where to look". "There is more chance of finding something where you know people would have been living 1,000 years ago," he added. He said discovering long-buried artefacts was a "euphoric" feeling. "It's not so much the money, it's the fact that you are the first person to touch something in 700 years," he said. "I found a 3,000-year-old bronze axe about 10 years ago and it's the idea that something has been hidden for so long and then you get to see it and touch it. "Former curator at the Ulster Museum, Robert Heslip, said the hoard of coins was probably buried near a landmark - a small Rath ring fort. The person who left them may have died before reclaiming them. He said finds like this one are significant because they are specific to a particular time and to this part of Northern Ireland. "You find virtually nothing like this in the south of Ireland and they peter out in the west," he said. "There have been a cluster of these sorts of finds in eastern Ulster. "The coins will now be sent to the British Museum in London for valuation. It is thought they are probably worth between Â£50 and Â£100 each. They will be offered for sale and any profit is split between the finder and the owner of the land where the treasure was uncovered.
A 911 caller said "they were going to blow up the Statue of Liberty", the National Park Service said. Federal police arrived and when sniffer dogs found "an area of interest" near lockers at the statue's base, the island was evacuated. After a sweep, the area was declared safe by late afternoon. The city's fire department said it had been called at 12:57 local time (16:57 GMT) for the investigation of "a suspicious package". Statue Cruises, which takes tourists to the Statue of Liberty National Monument and Ellis Island, said ferries were postponed after officials found a suspicious package at Liberty Island. Karen Mason, 68, of Cincinnati, Ohio, said they had just boarded a boat at Ellis Island at 12:40 p.m. "All of a sudden, they said 'Disembark, disembark, disembark.  We have to evacuate the boat,'" she said. There was no sense of danger, she added.  "But we saw helicopters and we knew something was going on," she said. The statue was given to the US by France in 1886, in recognition of the friendship between the two nations.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Northern Irishman came third on 5-2 favourite Box Office in his final race, won by 9-1 shot Brother Tedd. McCoy, 40, had earlier finished third on Mr Mole behind winner Special Tiara in the AP McCoy Celebration Chase. An emotional McCoy said: "It's amazing.  I've been so lucky all my life.  I'll never forget this day. "McCoy, who has ridden more than 4,300 career winners, added: "I want to thank everyone for coming.  All my family were here and it's very special.  An unbelievable day I'll never forget. "There were tears coming back on Box Office.  There were nearly tears going out on Box Office. "I feel very lucky I have ended my career in one piece. "Discussing his record-breaking career, he added: "Someone's going to ride more winners than me.  All records get broken.  I hope I'm dead, though. "Jockeys formed a guard of honour amid huge cheers as the rider was honoured at the Surrey track. Colleagues lifted the Arsenal supporter as he collected the champion jockey's trophy for a 20th and final time, from former Gunners striker Ian Wright. The terraces around the parade ring were packed as a capacity crowd of more than 18,000 gathered, and a rendition of "For he's a jolly good fellow" rang around the stands. Wright paid tribute, adding: "AP McCoy is made of something else altogether.  For 20 years he has been at the top of his game, riding winners, week in, week out.  I can think of no other sportsman or woman who can match his record. "McCoy has ridden in more than 16,000 races and suffered an estimated 1,000 falls in a remarkable career. He did not compete in the feature race, the Bet365 Gold Cup, which was won by 17-year-old jockey Sean Bowen on Just A Par. Bowen, tipped as a potential future champion, was completing a double on the day after victory on Lil Rockerfeller in the opener. But there was a sad note to the afternoon for Just A Par's trainer Paul Nicholls when Rolling Aces died following the second race after collapsing on the walkway when returning afterwards.
Ms Wood blamed the Conservatives in particular for claiming the SNP posed a threat to the future of the UK.She claimed "progressive" parties like hers were offering a "collaborative" alternative to "combative" politics. "This election presents an opportunity for harmonious co-existence between our nations," she said. Ms Wood's comments followed Conservative claims that Labour dependence on support from the SNP to form a government after the election on 7 May would threaten the break-up of the UK.Campaigning in south Wales on Monday, she said: "The parties advocating progressive, inclusive non-partisan cooperation in this election are not those who claim to cherish the political union above all others, but the national parties of Wales and Scotland. "Along with the Greens in England, our parties have provided people across these islands with a collaborative alternative to the traditional combative Westminster politics. "Ms Wood added that she had received "hundreds" of supportive messages from people in England following the televised debates.
Protesters have been on the the streets since Freddie Gray's death on 19 April - a week after a police encounter where he sustained unexplained injuries. Shops have been looted and objects thrown at police, injuring several officers. It was the first time in the history of professional baseball that fans had been locked out of a game. The game at Camden Yards started at 14:05 EDT due to the city's 22:00 curfew in the wake of the riots, with Baltimore winning 8-2. Among the few able to witness the match were those who had paid for balcony rooms in the nearby Hilton Hotel, which overlooks the stadium. Journalists accredited to cover the game reported that the voices of players on the infield could be heard clearly. "Attention media: For record-keeping purposes, today's official paid attendance is . . .  zero," an announcement made over the press box public address system said. Other reports said the stadium still played the traditional US baseball anthem - Take Me Out To The Ballgame - during the traditional seventh-inning stretch. The Orioles and Major League Baseball officials had said the decision to shut out fans had been taken for safety reasons. But Brendan Hurson, one of the 40 spectators gathered by a fence near the stadium's main gate, said it was a missed opportunity and held up a sign reading "Don't forget Freddie Gray". Six police officers have been suspended following Gray's death and an internal investigation is under way. On Sunday, more than 1,000 protesters were on the streets of Baltimore and at least 12 arrests made. Gray, who was 25, is the latest of a series of black Americans to die in police custody in recent months, triggering angry protests accusing the police of brutality.
The US economy grew at an annual rate of 0. 2% in the first three months of the year, far lower than forecasts. The Federal Reserve also kept interest rates at a record low, blaming the slower growth on "transitory factors". Japan's Nikkei 225 was down 2. 7% to 19,520. 21, its biggest loss in nearly four months. The market extended losses after Bank of Japan left its monetary policy unchanged, while lacklustre company earnings also had their impact on the benchmark index. Shares in Honda fell 6. 7% after it announced a fall in profit for the fiscal year to March, as it deals with recalls following exploding air-bags. Drug maker Takeda shares fell 3% after it warned it would make a loss because of a $2. 4bn US legal settlement linked to its Actos diabetes drug. Chinese shares headed lower with Hong Kong's Hang Seng index falling 0. 9% to 28,157. 71, while the Shanghai Composite was 0. 6% lower at 4,449. 17. Shares of AAC Technologies in Hong Kong fell 5. 2% after a report in the Wall Street Journal that the Apple Watch had defective component, which was supplied by the Chinese company. In Australia, the benchmark S&P/ASX 200 ended down 0. 8% at 5,790. South Korea's benchmark Kospi index closed down 0. 7% at 2,127. 17 - marking its fifth consecutive day of losses. Government data showed that the country's industrial output fell by a seasonally adjusted 0. 4% in March from February - missing market expectations.
The 36-year-old former Watford and West Bromwich Albion defender was without a club when he joined Blues on a one-month trial deal in September 2012. But this new contract, in a player-coach role, is his fourth for Blues as he continues to extend a career that now totals more than 700 appearances. Robinson has not figured since being sent off at Bournemouth on 6 April. But he has still clocked up 36 appearances this season, taking his total number of games in a royal blue shirt to 119. "Robbo is an influential person around the dressing room and been a good help to me since I've come in," Rowett told BBC WM. "And I still think he can offer something on the pitch. "There is an opportunity to become a squad defender and still be influential around the club and help some of the youngsters in a coaching capacity, maybe one or two days a week. "Sometimes it's hard to find someone that can offer a multitude of things.  They can help the young players with that game understanding and that knowledge of winning things and doing things properly in football, because that's something you don't often get in academies. "Every time he pulled on the captain's armband he gave it everything he's got.  He's a real winner and a real leader and sometimes I don't think there are enough of those around clubs in the game.
He argued that only another "stable and strong" coalition involving his party could save the country from a re-run. He said "everybody knows that no-one will win this election", even if the two major parties fail to admit it. "Politicians will have to work together to put the country first," he said. Mr Clegg spoke out during a "two-day dash" from Land's End to John O'Groats in the final hours of the election campaign. He said the hardening position of Labour and the Conservatives on coalition deals meant a minority government after 7 May would be more unstable - and "controversial" policies would cause it to fail. "Everybody knows that no-one will win this election - even if David Cameron and Ed Miliband won't admit it publicly," Mr Clegg said during a campaign visit to Cardiff Central where the Lib Dems are fighting off a Labour challenge for the seat. "The Liberal Democrats have shown that coalitions can be strong and stable.  But instead of creating stability, Labour and the Conservatives will create a shambles. "If they try to stagger through with a messy and unstable minority government instead of putting the country first, then they will risk all the hard work and sacrifices people have made over the last five years. "The last thing Britain needs is a second election before Christmas.  But that is exactly what will happen if Ed Miliband and David Cameron put their own political interest ahead of the national interest. "Earlier Mr Clegg told BBC Radio 4's Today programme he was not in principle opposed to a referendum on EU membership - claiming other issues like the NHS and "balancing the books" were bigger priorities than the EU poll. He also predicted his party would do "better than people think" on 7 May. 'I don't run a sect'Insisting his MPs could be "the guarantors of stability at a time of great uncertainty", he insisted: "We'll do no deals, no pacts, no arrangements with either UKIP on the right or the SNP on the left. "The great risk of not having the Liberal Democrats in Parliament, in government, is we lurch off into this blue-KIP alliance between David Cameron, UKIP, the DUP and the rest of them cutting, cutting, cutting way beyond what's necessary, or reckless borrowing as Ed Miliband and Alex Salmond are in some kind of deathly embrace on the left. "Main pledgesBut Mr Clegg refused to be drawn on claims by Lib Dem peer Lord Scriven that David Cameron had privately told him before the election campaign that he did not believe the Conservatives would win a majority. "In the same way I don't control the tweets of Liberal Democrats - I run a political party, I don't run a sect - I'm not going to provide a running commentary on private conversations," he said. Describing the Conservatives as "panicky" about the outcome of the election, he added: "The claim they can win a majority by 23 seats is false - it's wrong - it's a big fat fib.  They need to win 323 seats and I haven't met a senior Conservative who privately has ever admitted to me that they can do that.
The company currently employs 500 people at premises in Glasgow, Robroyston, Livingston, Ayr, Clarkston, Hamilton, Lanark and Clydebank. The expansion plans include new stores in Port Glasgow and Irvine, while other locations are "in negotiation". Existing stores in Clarkston, Ayr and Livingston will also be enlarged. The family-owned business, which is currently celebrating its centenary, has forecast a turnover of between Â£25m and Â£30m in 2015. Its sells a wide range of products, including clothing and accessories, housewares, jewellery, watches, books, toys and confectionery. Owner Willie Watt said: "Our business has changed dramatically since it first opened its doors in Glasgow's Sauchiehall Street, when the focus was exclusively on high-end ladies' fashions. "We have evolved as a business and recognised that a retail offer including a wider range of great value products in a department store-style setting has greater appeal to today's consumer. "We've seen positive growth in terms of both turnover and customer numbers, even in the recent recessionary period, and we've continued our expansion in terms of new store openings. "My long-term plan is to have a total of 16 stores throughout Scotland, and we're constantly looking at new opportunities to secure ideal locations.
Abendanon has won the European Player of the Year award, the third time a French-based English player has won it. Yet since the 2011 Rugby World Cup, an RFU rule has said only those involved in domestic rugby can play for England. "Having that rule in place restricts players from playing at the top level," said 28-year-old Abendanon. "You're playing with the best players in the world and coming here has made me a better player and better person. "I know exactly why the RFU has that policy in place and I don't expect it to change - but I have changed my mind on it since moving out here. "Abendanon played two matches for England in 2007 but last summer he moved from Bath to Clermont, scoring a fine solo try in the 24-18 loss to Toulon.  in the final of the European Rugby Champions Cup. Toulon's Steffon Armitage and Jonny Wilkinson, now retired, won the European Player of the Year award, in 2014 and 2013 respectively. After winning the award, Abendanon told BBC Radio 5 live he "would encourage more people to move" to France. Abendanon has said "it would be a dream come true" to represent England in the 2015 World Cup, but England head coach Stuart Lancaster has only picked domestic-based players. "I played for 10 years in England and came out to France because I thought my international career was over," added Abendanon.  "I'm sure Steffon felt the same. "Playing in France has rejuvenated our games and whether we get rewarded for that is up to Stuart.
Mike Welch, chief executive of Blackcircles.com, can expect to gain a third of that sale price, while staying with the company. He started selling tyres aged 16 before joining Kwik-Fit. Aged 21, he set up Black Circles, basing it in Peebles, where it employs 50 people. Welch, now aged 36, built it up to annual sales in 2013 of £28m, with annual growth of around 20% per year since 2008.   The first three months of this year have seen revenue rise by 34% on the same period last year. The company developed a "click and fit" business model.  Customers choose their tyres online, they are then delivered directly from manufacturers to one of 1,350 independent garages, where the customer then books in a tyre-fitting session. According to the chief executive, prices undercut conventional sales by 20%-to-40%. In March, the company announced that it was looking at ways to extend its growth, including a float on a stock exchange, private equity investment, or a sale. It recruited former Tesco boss Sir Terry Leahy onto the board, to use his expertise in retail.  There is also a trial of a Blackcircles fitting service at some Tesco superstores. The Michelin deal opens up expertise and a much wider distribution network, without limiting Blackcircles.com to the parent company's brand products. Michelin already owns the conventional tyre distributor ATS Euromaster, and the French firm hopes there will be synergies between the two distributors, although Blackcircles.com will continue to operate independently within the Michelin group. "I'm delighted to have found in Michelin a partner who shares our passion for customer service, innovation and technology," said Mr Welch.  "The strength of the Michelin Group will allow us to underpin the multi-brand offering that we deploy in each garage, on every street corner. "I am convinced that our teams, our customers, our garages and our suppliers will rapidly start to see the benefits of this partnership. "Jean-Dominique Senard, chief executive of the Michelin Group, commented: "Our strategy illustrates our ambition: to be ever more innovative, efficient and proactive for our customers by offering them products and services suited to individual needs, and by simplifying the entire purchase process, from choosing their tyres to having them fitted by professionals. "Michelin has 68 production plants in 17 countries, and employs 117,000 people. An interview with Mike Welch can be heard on Business Scotland this weekend - at 06:00 on Saturday and 07:30 on Sunday - on BBC Radio Scotland.
Ms Yellen said current valuations were "quite high", but added she did not see any bubbles forming. Chinese shares saw the biggest falls in the region with the Shanghai Composite closing down 2. 8% at 4,112. 21 - marking a third day of declines. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was down 1. 3% at 27,289. 97 - falling for the sixth day. Several companies on the mainland have announced share offerings through the week, leading investors to pull funds from other stocks. Investors were also worried about reported new moves by regulators to cool China's market, such as capping the size of margin financing and limiting the type of stocks investors can buy with borrowed money. In Japan, the benchmark Nikkei 225 closed down 1. 23% at 19,291. 99 after being closed all week for a holiday. Australia's benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index closed down 0. 82% at 5,645. 70. Shares in Australia had suffered their biggest one-day fall in more than two years on Wednesday following disappointing results from Australia's biggest banks. Investors are concerned about the country's big four banks facing slower growth. National Australia Bank (NAB), the last of the big banks to announce their results this week, reported a 5. 4% rise in cash profit for the six months to March. It also announced a 5. 5bn Australian dollar ($4. 4bn; Â£2. 8bn) capital-raising exercise which will involve the selling of new shares. NAB wants to demerge and float its troubled British bank, Clydesdale, and shore up its balance sheet. The lender's capital-raising announcement has been reported by some of Australia's media as being the largest in the country's corporate history. Also weighing on investor confidence were the latest figures on Australia's unemployment rate, which showed a slight rise to 6. 2% in April. In South Korea, the benchmark Kospi index closed down 0. 65% at 2,091. 00.
A person claiming to be in a vehicle on the A414 at North Weald, Essex, called police at 08:30 BST on Wednesday to say it had earlier been in Ashford in Kent. The lorry was found by Bedfordshire Police at Toddington Services, on the M1, in the afternoon. Six people are being held in custody. Supt Trevor Roe, from Essex Police, said it was a "positive outcome". "We've seen with human trafficking. . . .the events could turn out to be very tragic so I think it was important we reacted fairly quickly across our neighbouring forces to try to locate the vehicle," he said.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe fee is in the region of £25-30m with the deal believed to be until 2019, with the option of another year. Subject to the 21-year-old passing his medical next week, he will join United once the transfer window opens in June. Depay, who has scored 21 goals as PSV won this season's Dutch title, tweeted: "Time to set my goals again on winning trophies with Manchester United. "He added: "I always say; dream, believe, achieve.  I was dreaming and believing of becoming the champions of the Eredivisie with PSV and we achieved it. "I'm extremely grateful towards PSV and all the fans for believing in me. "Depay, who played under United manager Louis van Gaal during his time as Netherlands boss, had attracted interest from a number of clubs across Europe, with Paris St-Germain and Liverpool reportedly keen to sign him. Tottenham reportedly had a bid for the player turned down last year. He has spent his entire career to date with PSV, for whom he has scored 42 goals in 104 appearances. "We are very proud of this upcoming transfer, which came in a huge momentum," PSV's sporting director Marcel Brands told the Dutch club's official website. "Memphis has gone through all the teams of the PSV youth academy and has played an important part in the national title this year. "He's a wonderful exponent of our training and will make a nice transition to a magnificent club in a beautiful competition. "We obviously lose a fantastic player, which is of great value to the team.  But PSV grants him this wonderful step. "Depay played at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil as the Netherlands finished third before Van Gaal quit as head coach to take over at Manchester United. He made his international debut on 15 October 2013, coming on in the last minute of the Netherlands' 2-0 World Cup qualifying win in Turkey.
He is said to have retweeted his party's own exit poll before voting ended. Bradford Council's returning officer made the report to police, according to BBC Radio Leeds. Mr Galloway lost his seat to Labour candidate Naz Shah, who said his campaign "demeaned democracy". It is against the law to discuss voting while polls are open, under section 66 of the Representation of the People's Act. A spokesman for Mr Galloway told the BBC: "The returning officer is wasting police time.  It's a storm in a thimble. "West Yorkshire Police said it would be reviewing the matter. Mr Galloway snatched the traditionally held Labour seat in a by-election in 2012 with a majority of 10,140 votes. It is not the first time he has hit the headlines over election laws - he was accused by Labour of making false statements about their candidate, Naseem Shah, in April.
Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander, former Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy and John Thurso were beaten by the SNP.The turnout for the constituencies involved exceeded 70%. The SNP's Angus MacNeil held his seat in Na h-Eileanan an Iar  - which covers the Western Isles - with 54% of the votes. Mr Kennedy, who lost Ross, Skye and Lochaber to Ian Blackford, said the 2015 election's defeat of Lib Dems and Labour in Scotland would become known as the "night of the long sgian dubhs". The former Lib Dem leader said: "I am very fond of political history and tonight, if nothing else, we can all consider and reflect in years to come, and perhaps tell our grandchildren, we were there the night of the long sgian dubhs. "His opponent Mr Blackford said the election in Scotland had not been about last year's referendum, but about "sending MPs from Scotland who will stand up for" Scotland's interests. In Inverness, Nairn, Badenoch and Strathspey, Highland Council leader Drew Hendry gained almost 29,000 votes, a rise of more than 31% on the party's 2010 result to defeat Mr Alexander. Mr Alexander said he had polled about as many votes as he had in 2010 but they had not been enough to get him re-elected. He said the Liberal Democrats should hold their heads high for what they achieved in government, but conceded that "clearly we have a lot of rebuilding to do". Mr Alexander added: "The flame of Highland liberalism will keep burning and our job is to burn brighter in years to come. "Lord Thurso lost Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross, a seat he had held since 2001, to the SNP's Paul Monaghan who won 46% of the vote. The SNP's Mr MacNeil said his job now was to fight for the needs of the Western Isles and help his party's desire to end austerity.
Core earnings fell 41% to $1. 59bn (Â£1. 03bn), with pre-tax profits down to $708m from $1. 9bn a year earlier. Like many other energy companies, BG's results have been affected by the fall in oil prices from a year ago. BG said it was still happy with Shell's Â£47bn offer for the firm, despite a recent recovery in oil prices. "There is no change to our view on the offer," said BG chief executive Helge Lund. BG agreed to be bought by Royal Dutch Shell last month.  Mr Lund said the deal was expected to be completed by early-2016. BG more than doubled production from its Brazil and Australia operations in the first quarter. However, the impact of the lower oil price from a year earlier was seen in a 21% fall in revenues to $3. 99bn.
Carayol, 26, is back to full fitness after suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury which had kept him out for 13 months. Last month he signed a two-year extension to his contract at Middlesbrough, having been on loan at Brighton, and he says he is now focused on establishing himself as an international with the Gambia. I've got quite a lot of support there already and I've not even played so hopefully I can live up to the hype when I do play and make a lot of people happy"I think it's been a long time coming,  I've had a few times when they've invited me but it wasn't the right time for myself and my family," Carayol told BBC Africa Sport. "A few of the times I've had a little injury.  So I didn't really want to come and perform half heartedly.  I feel like it's the right time in my career now,"  Carayol explained. Carayol, who was born in Banjul, is targeting an appearance for The Scorpions in the forthcoming qualifiers for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations. "Obviously I've spoken to them.  I'm looking forward to the official invite and look forward to representing the Gambia in the Africa Nations Cup qualifiers. "All my family's Gambian, so everyone's excited and I'm going to have a lot of pressure when I do get the chance to play. "But for me, it's the experience of a professional footballer to go and represent your country.  I've got quite a lot of support there already and I've not even played so hopefully I can live up to the hype when I do play and make a lot of people happy. "The Gambia have been drawn in Group M of the 2017 Nations Cup qualifiers, along with South Africa, Cameroon and Mauritania. Despite facing formidable opposition, Carayol believes his country can cause an upset by qualifying for the 2017 finals to be held in Gabon in two years' time. "I always see challenges as something you can overcome and that's why they put challenges in front of you. "At least even if we don't qualify, everyone can be proud of us and say that we gave it a right go. "But for me personally, I'm looking more forward to the challenge of playing international football. "The Gambia's first 2017 Nations Cup qualifier is against South Africa next month. Before that, Carayol is concentrating on helping Middlesbrough's bid for promotion to the Premier League.  The club have a 2-1 advantage over Brentford going into the home leg of their Championship play-off semi-final. "The boys are really confident.  Keep my fingers crossed and hopefully we can get over the line and I can be a Premier League player next year. "If Carayol does reach the Premier League with Middlesbrough, he may well come up against other African icons such as Yaya Toure and Didier Drogba - players who have made their name in England's top flight. "They're massive role-models because as a young African player, you always look towards the people that you can actually relate to. "Oviously I've not had the chance to play internationals yet, but I've spoken to a few close friends of mine. "Albert Adomah who's at Middlesbrough - who represented Ghana at the World Cup - and Yannick Bolasie who's a really close friend of mine who represented DR Congo in the Africa Nations Cup just gone. "And they've all told me good things about playing African football, so I'm excited.  I can't wait to get the chance to go and kick a ball out there and show everyone what I can do.
The 20-year-old, who played for the Old Trafford club at the youth tournament, has featured regularly for the Red Devils first team this season. "I played in the competition two years in succession and it was a fantastic experience," said McNair. United are back at the Milk Cup this year, competing in the Premier Section. The club have been to 12 finals, winning six titles and they will be attempting to become the first team ever to secure three successive victories after triumphs over County Tyrone in 2013 and French club Vendee last year. "I'm proud to be asked to make the Milk Cup draw," added McNair, who played in the 2011 and 2012 competitions. "It makes me proud to see the Milk Cups won by the club displayed in the trophy room at Old Trafford. "That alone indicates how much prestige is placed on the competition at Manchester United. "Impressive displays in the Premier League earned McNair a call-up to the Northern Ireland squad with his first appearance coming in a 1-0 defeat to the Scots at Hampden Park. Among the newcomers at the Milk Cup this year are Zacatepec from Mexico in the Junior Section. Another Mexican outfit, Club America, will contest the Premier Section which has again attracted the popular Strikers from California and OC Blues, who are based in the suburbs of Los Angeles. Japan will be represented by Higashi Fukuoka and long-time supporters Otago from New Zealand are back once more for the 26-31 July tournament.
The approval depends on Shell getting a nod from other US regulators, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management said. Shell stopped Arctic exploration more than two years ago after problems including an oil rig fire and safety failures. Environmental campaigners oppose the move. Shell has spent about $6bn (Â£3. 85bn) on exploration in the Arctic - a region estimated to have about 20% of the world's undiscovered oil and gas. The Anglo-Dutch company wants to drill up to six wells in water about 40 metres deep, using two vessels that can serve as backups in the event of an emergency. "We have taken a thoughtful approach to carefully considering potential exploration in the Chukchi Sea," said Abigail Ross Harper, director of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, in a statement. This conditional approval means Shell must obtain permits from the federal government and the state of Alaska to begin drilling this summer. Susan Murray, an official at Oceana, a group against Arctic drilling, said: "Our government has rushed to approve risky and ill-conceived exploration in one of the most remote and important places on Earth. "Among Shell's woes the last time it tried to drill in the area were its failure to have a spill-response barge on site before the drills reached oil-bearing zones, as it had promised, and the outbreak of fire on the Noble Discoverer rig that Shell had hired. The Kulluk, a circular drilling barge, broke away from its towing vessel and ran aground on its way to a shipyard in Washington state. "The approval of our Revised Chukchi Sea Exploration Plan is an important milestone and signals the confidence regulators have in our plan," said Shell spokesman Curtis Smith.
Some 10,000 left their families and homes to join the British armed forces, working behind the scenes and on the frontline to defeat the Nazis. "We were British subjects and that was something to be proud of," said Victor Brown, a Jamaican who fought with the Merchant Navy. Although Britain was initially reluctant to let black people join the war effort, the rules were relaxed as the war progressed and casualties mounted. Enthusiasm to defend "King and Empire" was widespread across the Caribbean and Mr Brown, like thousands of others, was quick to sign up. In 1942, he was one of only two black men serving on an oil tanker in the North Atlantic when it was torpedoed by the Nazis.  He is credited with saving several lives on board and still remembers the incident vividly. "We rushed out to the deck and we could see the periscope out of the water," he said. As the ship listed, he used an axe to cut down a lifeboat, and cleared the vessel. "If we had have left it, the ship would have eventually dragged the lifeboat down with it," he said. Winston Murphy, the only other black member of the 42-strong crew, was among the survivors.  Seventy years on he said he has never forgotten his friend's quick thinking. "Had he not chopped that rope we would never have got clear of that boat," he added. The friends, now aged 94, swapped stories during a recent reunion. "It's almost like a miracle," said Mr Brown.  "I never thought we'd live long enough to meet again after all the years we've been separated. "The pair were lucky to survive.  The death toll for black merchant seamen during World War Two was high.  Thousands perished, while others died serving with the Royal Air Force and the Army. Allan Wilmot, from Jamaica, volunteered to join the Royal Navy in 1941 when he was just 15. "Being young you didn't realise the danger until you were actually there.  You hear the guns fire and realise this ain't no joke," he said. Away from the frontline, life also presented challenges.  Many servicemen struggled to adapt to Britain's cold climate and had to fend off racial prejudice. "Being British you feel like you are coming home but when we came here it was like we dropped out of the sky.  Nobody knew anything about us," said Mr Wilmot. Those who survived the war were given the chance to return to their home countries, but many opted to remain in Britain and created an enduring multicultural legacy. Jake Jacobs served as an equipment assistant with the RAF at Burtonwood.  He briefly returned to Trinidad after his period of service came to an end, but returned to Britain in search of work. He fell in love and married a local woman, prompting a backlash from members of the public who disagreed with mixed-race relationships. "They just went dumb.  They just stared," explained his wife Mary from their home in Solihull. The pair struggled to find accommodation after their wedding and Mrs Jacobs lost touch with members of her family. "I spent days and days crying," she added. Nevertheless the couple persevered.  Ex-servicemen were offered jobs by the state and Mr Jacobs began working in telecommunications. Like thousands of his former colleagues he stayed to help rebuild post-war Britain, changing its cultural landscape forever. Despite their countless sacrifices, some veterans feel their war time experiences have been forgotten and have spent their lifetimes fighting for equality. Sam King MBE was born in Jamaica in 1926 and served as a ground crew engineer with the RAF."I don't think we are being recognised for our contribution," he said.  "Many young people don't realise that so many volunteered during the war and fought and died. "Source: BBC HistoryThe West Indian Association of Service Personnel was established to offer support to ex-servicemen and commemorate those who lost their lives in battle. "If we didn't form that association the public wouldn't know the participation of black West Indians who served the British Empire in their hour of need," said Mr Wilmot. In November 2014 a memorial dedicated to African and Caribbean soldiers was unveiled in Brixton, south London, where many ex-servicemen settled after the war. However, the monument has now been placed in storage, until a permanent home for it can be found. Next year Mr King, who now lives in Camberwell, south-east London, will celebrate his 90th birthday. But his determination to remember his comrades shows no sign of fading. "We just carry on," he said. The veterans' stories feature in the BBC Four documentary, Fighting for King and Empire: Britain's Caribbean Heroes, which airs at 21:00 BST on 13 May.  It is based on the film, Divided by Race, United in War and Peace, by the-latest.com. Britain's Caribbean Heroes will broadcast on BBC World News on Saturday 6 and Sunday 7 August 2016.
Stocktrade is being transferred to the Dundee-headquartered firm for £14m in cash. Its most recent annual revenue was £9m, with £1. 3m in pre-tax profit. Last September, Stocktrade had £4. 3bn of assets under management.  The buyer said it now stands at £4. 6bn, bringing 48,000 new customers. That should increase the scale of Alliance Trust Savings to £11. 5bn in assets under management, with 105,000 customers, allowing for more efficient operations. It will also increase the Dundonians range of services, including telephone and online share dealing services for pension providers, building societies, company share schemes and corporate Individual Savings Accounts. Brewin Dolphin said the sale would only clear a net gain of £1m, after paying for separation costs. The deal still requires clearance from regulators, and is expected to close during this year. Alliance Trust Savings was part of the strategy last month criticised by Elliott Advisers, the hedge fund and activist investor in parent company Alliance Trust. In criticising the Dundee company's management, it succeeded in getting two new directors appointed.  They could have sought to block further expansion of the financial retail platform.  But it appears, from this deal, that they have agreed to expenditure on growth. Alliance Trust believes that the expansion could help its savings division into profit by 2016, apart from the cost of integration. Patrick Mill, managing director of Alliance Trust Savings (ATS), said: "Stocktrade is a great strategic fit for ATS, giving us access to new customers, an increase in assets and the opportunity to build a strategic partnership capability. "It also gives us the ability to align a traditional stockbroking business with our innovative, scalable and cost effective approach by offering customers online access alongside our in-house customer service team.
Last year's champions led 17-10 at half-time with Noel Reid and Jack Conan scoring either side of Hamish Watson's impressive try for Edinburgh. Zane Kirchner extended Leinster's lead before Tim Visser's score and Sam Hidalgo-Clyne kicked the hosts ahead. But tries from Jordi Murphy and Luke McGrath, allied with solid Ian Madigan kicking, meant the Irishmen prevailed. Leinster end their campaign fifth, seven points shy of the semi-final places. Edinburgh finish eighth for the second consecutive season under head coach Alan Solomons, but with a total of 48 points this campaign compared to 38 last year. Add to that a European Challenge Cup final - albeit a defeat to Gloucester - and it seems the South African is making gradual progress at Murrayfield, where he recently signed a new 12-month contract. Hidalgo-Clyne's early penalty set Edinburgh off on the right foot but the visitors soon established a lead they would hold onto for the most of the match. A nice line-out collection by Leinster flanker Murphy presented Madigan with a drop-goal opportunity that the fly-half duly took. Madigan then combined well with Sean O'Brien to release Reid through the middle; the 24-year-old centre outpacing Edinburgh full-back Jack Cuthbert to cross between the posts. The conversion was added by the boot of Madigan but Edinburgh ensured the Irishman did not go out of sight. After Dougie Fife's claim for a try in the corner was ruled out, Watson found himself in possession from the line-out and gambled with a darting run to the line instead of spreading the play left were the hosts had numbers waiting. Watson, who won his first Scotland cap in this year's Six Nations, managed to get behind the posts and Hidalgo-Clyne converted. However, Leinster were quick to put on another display of quick hands and fast offloads in the middle to double their try count.  This time Dave Kearney and Madigan gave substitute Conan the opportunity to split Edinburgh's defence with a piercing run and try, with Madigan again adding another two points. Hidalgo-Clyne heartened the hosts at the start of the second half with another penalty before Springbok winger Kirchner crossed on the right-hand side for Leinster, although there was no conversion on this occasion to compliment it. The Murrayfield men's resolve still existed and a fitting try for the Harlequins-bound Visser, who wrestled free to touch down, gave Edinburgh's record try scorer a final moment to remember in red and black. Hidalgo-Clyne's conversion and subsequent penalty put Edinburgh ahead for a few dreamy moments as thoughts of seventh place and a European play-off became a reality once more, but it was too much to ask of an injury-depleted side. Murphy and McGrath both ended a period of stout home defending to cross over late on and Madigan added the extras each time. Edinburgh: Cuthbert, Fife, Beard, Strauss, T. Visser, Heathcote, Hidalgo-Clyne, Dickinson, Ford, Andress, Bresler, Toolis, McKenzie, Watson, Du Preez. Replacements: Brown for Beard (59), Fowles for Hidalgo-Clyne (78), Sutherland for Dickinson (76), Cochrane for Ford (63), Berghan for Andress (38), Atkins for Bresler (57), Hilterbrand for McKenzie (73).  Not Used: Te Rure. Leinster: R. Kearney, Kirchner, O'Shea, Reid, D. Kearney, Madigan, Boss, J. McGrath, Strauss, Ross, Toner, M. McCarthy, J. Murphy, O'Brien, J. Heaslip, Denton. Replacements: Kelleher for Kirchner (80), Gopperth for Reid (74), L. McGrath for Boss (65), Bent for J. McGrath (61), Dundon for Strauss (78), Denton for M. McCarthy (3), Conan for Denton (8).  Not Used: Furlong.
He had been making his way down the south ridge of 3,000ft-high Tryfan when he slipped on Saturday afternoon. An RAF Sea King helicopter, based at Valley in Anglesey, was called at 15:00 BST to help him back down the mountain. The man, in his early 50s, was flown to the Ogwen Valley mountain rescue team base after it was determined he did not need hospital treatment.
Stephen Kinnock, as the son of a former Labour leader, is one of the better-known among the 2015 intake of MPs. But like the rest of the new faces he has to wait for behind-the-scenes negotiations to conclude before he can be allocated a permanent office at Westminster. "So no office," the Aberavon MP tells me.  "We're hot-desking. "I have been given a telephone extension on the system here in parliament but as I don't actually have a telephone or a desk or an office for any of those things I'm not sure what good that does me at the moment. "He says constituents can contact him via a number on his website. Craig Williams held off a Labour challenge to hold Cardiff North for the Conservatives.  He has benefited from a new induction programme with new MPs offered help from designated "buddies" among the parliamentary staff. "I've had a couple of tours," he says.  "Not that it helps because it's a bit like a rat warren in here.  It's like Hogwarts, I think, but it's a great building to get lost in - and I'm going to continue getting lost but I'm sure it'll come before long. "Mr Williams knows where his office facilities are - he just struggles to find them. "I've got a desk and a phone in committee room 17.  It's up three floors that way, left-right, left-right.  I get lost twice getting there but there's something in committee room 17 for me. "I ask Stephen Kinnock if he has had any advice from his father.  The question is met with a familiar throaty chuckle.  "What my dad has always said to me is 'be yourself.  You'll get criticism, you'll get people having a go at you, the key thing is to never take it personally.  This is the job'. "Before he can get on with the job, he and the other 649 MPs have to be sworn in, taking the oath of allegiance.  They have to do this in English, but can repeat the oath - or affirmation - in Welsh, Scottish Gaelic or Cornish.  Without it, they can't take part in Commons debates or votes - or even get paid.
Pte Cheryl James, 18, from Llangollen, Denbighshire, was found with a bullet wound to her head in Surrey in 1995. Her parents said a dispute over the ballistics evidence could only be resolved if her body is exhumed. Coroner Brian Barker QC said he would wait for a doctor's report before he made the decision. He told the pre-inquest review at Woking Coroner's Court that exhumation was a "difficult and unusual" step. Alison Foster QC, representing Pte James' family, said her relatives were "really dismayed to be at this point today". "From our standpoint, an exhumation would be necessary for you to carry out a full and proper inquiry. "Bullet fragments in Pte James' body were yellow, while the SA80 rifle she was armed with used red bullets, Ms Foster said. "There is no actual evidence that it was an SA80 that caused the bullet wound to Cheryl," she added. The coroner said the full inquest on 1 February would consider whether there were "shortcomings" with the barracks's policies on sexual behaviour, supervision of young females, drugs, alcohol and accommodation. Another pre-inquest hearing is to held on 10 September. Pte James was one of four soldiers found dead at Deepcut, in Camberley, between 1995 and 2002. Surrey Police's request that her inquest should be heard alongside fresh inquests into the deaths of Privates Sean Benton, Geoff Gray and James Collinson was turned down. A spokeswoman for the force said: "[Surrey Police] has now completed the review of disclosure documents relating to Pte James. "She said arrangements for the inquest were a matter for the coroner. "Surrey Police is supportive of the view that there should be a thorough inquest into circumstances surrounding the death of Pte James and our thoughts remain with her family.
The 26-year-old former Swansea player has been on loan at Villa Park since January, scoring three goals in 11 appearances for the FA Cup finalists. "This is the happiest I have been in a long time," said Sinclair, who started only three times for Manchester City. "I believe that will help me perform better and push on for this great club in the coming years. "Sinclair joined Manchester City in 2012 for £8m, but was sent out on loan to West Brom in 2013. He began his career at Bristol Rovers before joining Chelsea in 2005, but played only five times for the Blues in five years and spent six spells out on loan. A former England Under-21 international, he moved to Swansea for an initial £500,000 in 2010.
He said he was to blame for the team's season, in which they narrowly avoided Premier League relegation on Sunday. Asked of his intentions, he said: "To win something.  By the way, I shan't be selling until I do.  Not at any price. "Former Newcastle striker Alan Shearer told Match of the Day that Ashley must "stop selling their best players". Shearer added: "There was a time when they didn't sign anyone for 18 months, which is not acceptable. "I know the city and I know the football club and I haven't got a clue what Mike Ashley is going to do.  Actions speak louder than words. "Fans are going to games out of habit, not out of hope.  That has to change. "Interim manager John Carver said he hoped to remain in charge. "From day one I've wanted this job and I still want it," he said. After the 2-0 win over West Ham, Carver added: "The fact Mike's saying he wants to win something is fantastic. "We've seen how good our fans are, we've seen what kind of performances we put in altogether and we all have to be together. "If Mike's come forward then fair play to him because he wants this club to be united.  It's a big, big summer for this club, we have to invest and hopefully we will. "Sunday's victory at St James' Park, which guaranteed the Magpies safety, was their first in 11 league games.  They experienced a dramatic slump after ex-boss Alan Pardew left the club to manage Crystal Palace when Newcastle were 10th in the table, at the start of 2015. "I didn't envisage us being in this position at Christmas," added Ashley, in the pre-match interview with Sky Sports. Earlier on Sunday, former Newcastle manager Kevin Keegan told Sportsweek that Ashley "runs the club from another planet". But the Newcastle owner on Sunday promised to "continue the policy of investing in the football club", arguing that they are on a "very sound financial footing" after a fourth consecutive year of making a profit. Ashley added: "We may have the cart, financially, but we now need to bolt the horse on, and we are going to. "A number of fans stayed behind after the match in a protest planned by the AshleyOut.com group.  It follows other demonstrations against the owner in recent weeks, which included a fans' boycott of the home game against Tottenham in April. Meanwhile, Carver said he was proud of how his side reacted to the pressure of the occasion on Sunday at St James' Park.  Second-half goals from Moussa Sissoko and Jonas Gutierrez saw the Magpies finish the season in 15th.  Hull were relegated following their 0-0 draw against Manchester United. "I think the adrenalin is still pumping, but I have to say I think we dealt with our emotions and the game very well," he said. "In the first half there weren't too many chances and we knew it might take the last five minutes of the game before we could break them down. "Sam [West Ham boss Allardyce] put his strongest team out and they came and were resolute, but it was all about what we were going to do and I think we put in a performance that was worthy of the victory.
The proposed deal would combine the second and third largest cable operators in the US.Charter is also buying Bright House Networks, another cable operator, for $10. 4bn. The combined three firms will serve cable television and broadband to 23. 9 million customers in 41 states. Charter will pay about $55bn in cash and stock for Time Warner Cable, with the balance of the $78. 7bn valuation coming from TWC's debts. US cable companies are facing stiff competition from online service providers such as Amazon and Netflix, as customers increasingly choose to stream films and television shows over the internet at a time of their convenience. Cable companies are responding by trying to cut costs and improve the quality of their shows. The new merged cable giant will compete with US cable market leader Comcast, which currently has about 27 million customers. Charter's takeover move comes a month after Comcast abandoned its plan to buy Time Warner Cable fearing  pressure from regulators. The latest deal is also likely to come under regulatory scrutiny, and the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) quickly issued a statement. "The FCC reviews every merger on its merits and determines whether it would be in the public interest," FCC chairman Tom Wheeler said. "In applying the public interest test, an absence of harm is not sufficient.  The commission will look to see how American consumers would benefit if the deal were to be approved. "The merged company would still be smaller than Comcast, which serves about a third of US broadband customers, said analyst Craig Moffett of Moffett Nathanson Research.  "One has to be sober about genuine risks that this deal could still be rejected," he added. Liberty Broadband, which currently owns about a quarter of Charter, is expected to own about 20% of the new company. The deal values Time Warner Cable at $195. 71 per share.
The North East Counter Terrorism Unit confirmed the Dewsbury teenager was questioned in April under section 5 of the Terrorism Act and later bailed. Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, are feared to have travelled to Syria to join Islamic State in March. West Yorkshire Police and counter-terrorism officers are investigating. Speaking at the time of their disappearance, the boys' families said they were praying for the safe return of the "ordinary Yorkshire lads". Hassan's brother, Hammaad Munshi, was arrested in 2006 at the age of 16 after police found a guide to making napalm on his computer. He became the youngest person to be convicted under the Terrorism Act.
The child was airlifted to Swansea's Morriston Hospital following the incident on Telelkebir Road in Hopkinstown, Pontypridd, on Tuesday. He was in a stable condition after suffering serious leg injuries. The man charged in connection with the incident will appear at Merthyr Tydfil Magistrates' Court on Thursday.
Nick Woodman described the remote controlled aircraft as the "ultimate" accessory for his firm's action cameras. He made the announcement at the Code Conference in California, where he also unveiled new kit to that helps capture video footage for virtual reality helmets. One industry watcher said GoPro's move into drones was "very significant". "It's the fact that the company has such a strong brand," explained John Stapley from Amateur Photographer magazine. "It's similar to what you can already see with action cameras.  There are a lot of others out there but most people don't know they exist or don't have any interest in them because GoPro has become such a dominant name that it is 'the action brand' as far as they are concerned. "The risk for the firm, he added, was that other drone manufacturers would opt to partner with other camera makers to avoid supporting a competitor. The world's bestselling commercial drone maker - China's DJI - has already decided to limit initial sales of its Phantom 3 flagship to a design that features its own proprietary video camera. The previous generation had been launched instead with an optional mount for GoPro cams. Mr Woodman said he planned to release the GoPro drone within the first half of 2016, and that it would be targeted at consumers. "Quadcopters have a special place for us at GoPro because I was a huge radio-controlled plane enthusiast as a kid and I could never really get anyone involved in it with me because it was either too geeky or it took a lot of time to learn how to fly these things - you'd crash them all the time," he said. "So, I was really surprised to see how quickly the general consumer was adopting quadcopters. "Quads plus GoPro has been one of the most democratising combinations in terms of enabling people to capture professional quality content and see themselves in their environment in a way that they'd never seen before.  It looks like you're in your own movie. "Drones are expected to be one of the fastest growing electronics sectors over the coming years. According to the US's Consumer Electronics Association, the global market for consumer drones totalled $84m (Â£54m) last year but is forecast to top $300m by 2018.  The CEA adds that if regulators relax the rules for the use of such aircraft by commercial organisations, the market could further swell to $1bn by 2020. That could represent a lucrative new market for GoPro. The firm's existing cameras and other accessories generated $363m of sales over the first three months of 2015.  That was up 54% on the previous year, but resulted in a relatively slim net profit of $16. 8m. Mr Woodman also showed off a prototype mount that can hold six of his firm's Hero4 cameras, each pointing in a different direction. He said the resulting footage could be stitched together using software developed by Kolor - a start-up it bought last month - to create a single 6K-quality 360-degree image. This could then be used with virtual reality helmets - allowing a user to change their perspective by turning their head left and right and looking up and down - or via YouTube and Facebook, which are both adding support for interactive spherical videos. The Six-Camera Spherical Array add-on will go on sale later this year. Mr Woodman acknowledged, however, that the high cost of buying enough cameras to fill it was likely to limit the mount's appeal to professionals. At a subsequent event, Google also announced a more elaborate virtual reality capture device, which involves 16 GoPro cameras, as part of a tie-up between the two companies. The footage produced by the Jump camera array will be processed by the search firm's own software to produce panoramas, rather than spherical videos, that make use of depth data deduced by Google's algorithms.
Ministers are to publish draft laws they say are a "landmark" in prohibiting the substances' production, distribution, sale and supply. Legal highs, officially called new psychoactive substances, have been linked to a number of deaths. Ministers said young people who took them were "taking exceptional risks with their health". A blanket ban on legal highs, which are often sold online or on the high street, was in the Conservative Party's election manifesto and featured in the Queen's Speech. Labour also promised to ban their sale and distribution in its manifesto. The Psychoactive Substances Bill applied to "any substance intended for human consumption that is capable of producing a psychoactive effect", the government said. Alcohol, tobacco and caffeine will be excluded, and there are also exemptions for food and medical products, while controlled drugs will continue to be regulated by existing laws. The new restrictions will also extend to the sale of nitrous oxide - also known as laughing gas or "hippy crack" - for human use. What are legal highs?The government said the "legitimate sale" of nitrous oxide, which is also used for food processing, medicinal and industrial purposes, would not be affected. Home Office minister Mike Penning said the measures would "fundamentally change the way we tackle new psychoactive substances". They would end the "game of cat and mouse" whereby new drugs appeared on the market more quickly than the government could identify and ban them, he said. He added: "The blanket ban will give police and other law enforcement agencies greater powers to tackle the reckless trade in psychoactive substances, instead of having to take a substance-by-substance approach. "Legal highs are not controlled under the Misuse of Drugs Act, although individual substances, such as mephedrone, have been outlawed. The government's proposals would apply throughout the United Kingdom, and would include powers to seize and destroy legal highs and to search people, premises and vehicles. Civil measures - including prohibition notices and prohibition orders - will also be possible. Commander Simon Bray, of the National Police Chiefs' Council, said: "A blanket ban on new psychoactive substances will make it simpler for law enforcement to deal with those drugs which are potentially unsafe but which may not yet be controlled.
Morgan-Smith was available on a free transfer after he was released by the Latics, having made only four starts for the League One club this season. The 26-year-old has previously had spells with Stockport County, Luton, Macclesfield and Kidderminster. "I want to try and get this club back into the Football League where they should be," he told the club's website.
Maj Gen James Johnston was faced with 40,000 prisoners at the Bergen-Belsen camp and set up a hospital to treat them for typhus, TB and starvation. His son, Anthony Johnston, said: "He had to deal with people dying by the hundreds every day. "The plaque was unveiled in Northiam, East Sussex where Gen Johnston lived. Born in Glasgow, he moved to the village with his family in 1973. About 60 people, including members of Gen Johnston's family, gathered for the unveiling at the pump house on the village green. Gen Johnston was commanding a mobile medical unit close to the German-Dutch border in April 1945. He was ordered to move his unit to take charge of the sick and starving at Bergen-Belsen, which had just been liberated by the British. Around 70,000 people had died at the camp in northern Germany. Mr Johnston said his father had been reluctant to talk about his World War Two experiences, due to modesty and wanting to block out such a traumatic event. "There were times in his life when former inmates, who he had come across at the time, got in touch with him and wanted to acknowledge him," Mr Johnston said. "Other than that, he didn't talk about it. "In an account which is now in the Holocaust Museum in Washington, Gen Johnston wrote: "Little did I know that I was about to be faced with the greatest test of my career, with a situation that would remain engraved on my memory for the rest of my days. "[It] would instil in me a lasting abhorrence not only of those who had perpetrated this crime on humanity, but also of those who had condoned it.
The announcement was made on Friday by Alex Jones and Chris Evans on BBC One's The One Show. Denise White from Eglinton village is the founder of Something Special, a musical and creative arts group that educates almost 100 students with learning disabilities. In a tribute video, her students described her as an "inspiration". "Denise has helped my confidence, she's got us out singing," said Sorcha Friel. "There are some students in here that have nothing else, coming in here makes their week, without Something Special they would have nothing to do. "Ms White is one five recipients of BBC Music Day's Unsung Hero award. "I could see that music worked some kind of magic with young people and that it could really change things for them," she said. The Unsung Hero award was launched as part of this year's BBC Music Day on Friday 5 June. It is a nationwide celebration of music, aiming to bring people together across generations and communities. The day will be reflected across BBC television and radio programmes with numerous events and concerts taking place in towns and cities in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. BBC Music Day events in Northern Ireland include performances from Sir James Galway, Andrea Begley, Villagers, The Priests, The Ulster Orchestra and the Belfast Community Gospel Choir.
The Olympic champion, 29, was third overall at the end of a promising first day - traditionally her strongest - with a score of 3,928 points. On Sunday she leapt a respectable 6. 16m in the long jump but threw a disappointing 42. 60m in the javelin. With the 800m remaining, she has 5,544 points, still on course for the 6,200 needed to qualify for the Rio Olympics. Ennis-Hill is competing in her first heptathlon since winning gold at London 2012. A top-12 finish and score of 6,075 points would also secure qualification for this summer's World Championships. Canada's Commonwealth champion and world silver medallist Brianne Theisen-Eaton leads ahead of the final event, remarkably achieving three personal bests on her way to a 5,834 score. Follow latest updates and reports on the second day of the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting on the BBC Sport website on Sunday, 31 May.
Opponents fear the development on the site in Hermitage Lane, Allington, will destroy ancient woodland and cause traffic gridlock. Developer Croudace Homes said the number of homes had been reduced from 600 and efforts made to cut the impact on the woodland of building a new road. The public inquiry in Maidstone is expected to last until 10 June. Barbara Woodward, from the New Allington Action Group (NAAG), said: "People are very upset.  This is our last piece of green land. "We take our dogs for a walk in the woods, you can let them off their leads.  If they build a road across the woods it will no longer be safe. "She added that the inquiry was the "last step" to protect the woodland which she said had been on the site since the 14th Century. Councillor Fran Wilson, the Lib Dem leader of the borough council, said it would be "inappropriate" for the authority to comment at this stage. Following the public inquiry a recommendation will be made to the Secretary of State who will make a decision on the planning application.
The 24-year-old Spaniard was with East Fife last season and impressed during a short trial at Dens Park. Etxabeguren spent five years with Real Sociedad and was included in their Champions League squad for season 2013-14. Following his switch to Scottish League Two in January, he made 15 appearances for the New Bayview club.
The 40-year-old sliced his fingers open when he tried to grab a drone camera, which was taking pictures of the audience, at a concert on Saturday. Following reconstructive surgery on Monday, it was announced he would need several weeks to recover. "The damage ended up being a bit worse than initially assessed," said a statement on the star's website. "He suffered a fracture that needed to be corrected in addition to the reconstructive surgery. "He will be recovering during the next few weeks, but a full recovery is anticipated. "Iglesias was performing in Tijuana, Mexico when he reached for the drone, apparently in an attempt to give fans a point-of-view shot from the stage. He was "semi-treated" at the side of the stage to stop the bleeding, and was advised to end the show. However, he performed for another 30 minutes before seeking further treatment. "He was rushed to the airport where an ambulance met him," said a representative on Instagram.  "He was then put on a plane to LA.. .  to see a specialist. "Afterwards, fans posted photos and video on social media, showing the singer's bandaged hand and blood-covered T-shirt. They also scribbled get well messages on their own hands and sent pictures to Iglesias via Twitter and Instagram. Iglesias is one of the highest-selling Latin musicians of all time, shifting more than 137 million albums worldwide. His UK hits include Bailamos, Hero and I'm A Freak. The singer is expected to resume his tour on 3 July in Mexico City.
Rents for grade A offices have risen to £15. 50-per-sq ft over the past year, according to commercial agents. But they are still well below the UK average of £24. It is claimed that the prospect of a relatively low financial return is acting as a barrier to substantial build projects. In March, an Invest NI report said there is a shortage of grade A space office in Belfast. Grade A offices are classed as new or refurbished buildings, in prime locations, with open-plan layouts. Ian Duddy of Colliers International in Belfast said: "The shortage of grade A space in Belfast has led a number of major occupiers to develop their own headquarter buildings. "Further rental growth in the grade A market is necessary to encourage new development in the city. "Office development has slowed since the 2008 property market crash. Loans of public money could soon be made available to property developers to help them build offices, after a recent report for Invest NI described supply as "extremely limited". Invest is exploring whether to advance loans as "a short-term intervention".
The Irish Human Rights and Equality Commission said seven years of austerity resulted in the burden of the crisis falling disproportionally on those least able to bear it. The commission was set up last year to promote and protect human rights in the state. This is its first report. Speaking on RTÃ‰'s Morning Ireland programme, Chief Commissioner Emily Logan said the government had failed to meet basic human rights standards required under international law - in the stark choices made during the recession. There was an absence of any human rights or equality assessment of the "troika" (EU, IMF and European Central Bank) bail-out programme. This meant those who were already disadvantaged were even more susceptible to unemployment, lower incomes or poorer living standards. People with disabilities experienced the impact of austerity measures more acutely, with the rate of unemployment almost trebling among this group - from 8% to 22% during the recession. The report, published on Thursday, comes ahead of a UN Committee in Geneva next week where Ireland will be asked to defend its record on human rights.
Ex-Manchester United trainee McGinty, 21, played 13 times for the Conference club after joining on loan in February. "It's a fantastic move for me at this stage in my career.  I want to push on here," McGinty told the club website. Meanwhile, 35-year-old goalkeeper Phil Smith, who was the Shots' first-choice stopper for 2014-15, has agreed a new one-year contract with the club.
The Redditch-based Sigma Financial Group has opened an office in Priory Queensway, in the city. About 200 staff will be recruited by the end of this year with a further 500 expected by 2017, the firm has said. "Roles will be spread across middle and senior management, contact centre staff and specialist commercial and finance jobs," said CEO Tim Freeman. Sigma Financial Group is a business outsource firm.  It employs more than 300 staff at its Prospect Hill base in Redditch.
Senior judges in Belfast have lifted an injunction on the PSNI taking possession of Winston Rea's recorded account to Boston College researchers. Detectives were present with a bag ready for the handover of the tapes. They were given the all-clear after lawyers for Mr Rea confirmed their final bid to secure a block had been turned down. The tapes had been held under lock and key at the Royal Courts of Justice. The European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg refused to grant an interim prohibition as part of efforts to stop the PSNI from obtaining them. A judge said the time had come "to lift the injunction and allow the materials to be examined by the police". Detectives want to access the recordings as part of their investigations into murder and other paramilitary crimes from the 1970s to 1990s. Mr Rea's legal team argued that it would breach his right to privacy. He was among dozens of loyalists and republicans who provided testimonies to Boston College staff compiling an oral history of the Northern Ireland conflict. Interviews were given on the understanding that tapes would not be made public until after their deaths. In 2013, detectives investigating the abduction and murder of Belfast mother-of-10 Jean McConville in 1972 secured the transcripts of former IRA woman Dolours Price's account. That material was handed over following court battles on both sides of the Atlantic. Mr Rea's barrister said his client was "confident that there is nothing in his past or anything contained in these tapes which hasn't already been dealt with by the criminal courts". "He's a man who has health difficulties," he added. On that basis, lawyers for both the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) and the PSNI Chief Constable argued that the recordings should now be released.
The victim who cannot be named to protect her safety, was abused for more than 10 years, bearing two children. Violence against women is endemic in Afghanistan and victims of sexual abuse are often themselves jailed for "moral crimes". I met the victim, who is in her early twenties, for the first time last year after the trial against her father was suspended with the judge asking for DNA evidence. She was pregnant as a result of the abuse and held her four-year-old on her lap. "This is my daughter and my father's daughter," she said.  "She is the result of my father raping me.  We are both mother and daughter and sisters at the same time. "As sunlight streamed through the drawn curtains of the impoverished home she shares with her mother, she told me the story she had presented in court for the first time last summer. According to the victim, the abuse began when her father returned from Iran after eight years abroad.  She was 12 years old. "I was expecting that my father will love me the way my uncles love their children because I was thirsty for a dad's love during all the years I was deprived of him," she says.  "But when I found myself in my father's arms it was too much. "She recalls how he touched her intimately, making her feel uncomfortable. "I went to my grandmother and complained but she blamed me.  I was told that every father caresses his children. "Then one night her father raped her: "I was scared badly, I was shocked and lay in the corner of the room and didn't know what to do. "When she became pregnant, the father moved the family to another province.  The baby was born but he took it away - she never saw it again. The abuse lasted more than 10 years, during which the daughter went through multiple pregnancies and abortions.  She says that her father used a variety of drugs which she later learned were attempts at contraception. Eventually another child was born.  "When I became pregnant again, I kept the baby and didn't abort my child," she says: "I kept it to have proof for my claims against my father - my child was my only evidence. "With the support of her mother, she finally managed to end the abuse.  The final attack, she told me, happened in July last year, one day before Eid. "Me and my mother had told the whole story to the mullah, neighbourhood elders and the district police and they told us to inform them if I was attacked again. "That night the father sent his wife out of the home before assaulting his daughter again.  He was arrested as the mother returned with police and elders as witnesses. Even though he was put on trial, the daughter's ordeal was far from over. As the father denied all charges, claiming his daughter had extramarital relationships with other men, the victim herself was challenged in court. "The judge questioned me, asking why I didn't kill the baby that was in my belly?" she told me.  "I answered that if I killed the child I could be accused of aborting it because the father was another person.  I kept my child to prove I have a case against my father. "The court then suspended the trial, asking for DNA samples of the accused, the victim and her daughter. What followed was a campaign to seek justice. The victim had taken the unusual step of appearing on Afghan television to tell her story.  Women's rights activists began organising support. There are virtually no facilities for genetic forensic testing in Afghanistan, making foreign assistance imperative. The woman's supporters lobbied embassies and non-governmental organisations for help, But it still took almost a year before a DNA test could be arranged, by which time the victim had given birth to another child. Finally a committee of officials from the attorney general's office and the interior ministry took on the task. "They took blood and saliva samples from the father, the woman and her children and transferred them to the US via Bagram airbase," says Ruhulla, the victim's lawyer.  "If we didn't have this test result, my client would have been punished based on the codes and laws of this country," she says. The samples were processed by the US firm "Ideal Innovations", specialists in forensic testing who are also active in Afghanistan, providing fingerprint and biometric identification technology.  They did the test for free. When the results were finally returned they showed that the accused had indeed fathered his daughter's children.  The judge sentenced him to death. The case is not yet closed, though.  The father is appealing against the sentence, protesting his innocence. DNA evidence is very rare in Afghan court cases, making this trial highly unusual. The victim, meanwhile, told me that even if her abuser is executed, she remains fearful.
The key foreign ministry portfolio has gone to Ibrahim Ghandour, a former presidential assistant. Mohamed Zayed has been appointed oil minister, while Mustafa Osman Obeid was appointed acting defence minister. The new government will comprise a total of 31 cabinet ministers. In addition President Bashir has also appointed governors for Sudan's 18 states in what he has vowed will be a "new page" for his country,Speaking at his inauguration last week, the president said that he wanted to repair ties with the West, tackle corruption and bring peace to the country. Another priority is restoring Sudan's ailing economy. Mr Bashir, 71, seized power in an Islamist-backed coup in 1989. Even President Bashir has been forced to admit - with civil war(s) continuing, and the ongoing economic crisis - that Sudan needs to change, and this reshuffle is part of his promised reforms. The most surprising decision is the removal of Abdel Rahim Hussein as defence minister, as for many years he has been President Bashir's confidant and friend. Mr Hussein has been named governor of Khartoum state, one of several changes among the governors, which seem designed to remove any who were developing sizable local power bases. But simply replacing ministers and governors will not bring change.  Instead, the way Sudan is governed will have to improve if the country is to escape from its current malaise.
Revised figures showed that Japan's economy expanded by 1% in the first three months from the previous three, up from an initial estimate of 0. 6%. It also grew 3. 9% on an annualised basis, compared with a preliminary reading of 2. 4%, and was much higher than forecasts of 2. 7% growth. The benchmark Nikkei 225 index ended flat at 20,457. 19 points. Shares were also lower despite a positive US jobs report on Friday helping push down the yen against the dollar, which is good for Japanese exporters as it makes them more competitive overseas and increases profits when repatriated. The dollar was at 125. 47 yen against 124. 45 yen in Tokyo on Friday.  It had briefly hit a 13-year high of 125. 86 yen on Friday. Chinese shares were up despite trade data showing that exports fell for the third month in May, while imports declined for a seventh month. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index closed up 0. 21% at 27,316. 28 points, while the Shanghai Composite finished the day up 2. 17% at 5,131. 88 points - its highest point since early 2008 and leading the region's gains. Mainland shares of CRRC were up 10% after a month-long trading halt, as investors piled into the Chinese train maker that is now the world's largest in terms of market value following its merger. CSR and China CNR, which had been the country's two largest train makers, announced last week that they had completed their government-driven merger through a share swap, which saw CNR absorbed into CSR and delisted. In South Korea, the benchmark Kospi index closed down 0. 1% to 2,065. 19 after falling to a near two-month low of 2,056. 50 early in the session. The government is trying to contain an outbreak of the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) after the health ministry reported 23 new infections on Monday, bringing the total to 87. Six people have died from the disease in South Korea, which now has the second highest number of infections in the world, after Saudi Arabia. Markets in Australia are closed for a public holiday.
The 48-year-old was expected to be charged with about 11 offences over the incident in Teralba, outside Newcastle. A woman and her two daughters who were inside the house at the time escaped moments before it was knocked down. The man's motive is not clear, but police said he was known to the occupants of the house. The bulldozer was allegedly stolen earlier from a nearby mine. Police said that early on Monday morning the man drove the bulldozer to the suburban house, crushing three cars parked in front of it and another parked at the side of the property. He first headed towards a detached garage on the property, said police, where a 29-year-old man was sleeping at that time. "When he heard the bulldozer coming over the top of the cars, he came out of the shed," police spokesman David Matthews told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. The driver briefly pursued the man, who ran away, scaled a fence, and sought shelter in a paddock next door. The driver then turned towards the back of the house and flattened the building. A neighbour ran over and helped a 56-year-old woman and her two daughters, aged 15 and 20, from their home shortly before the building was knocked down. Police were called to the scene around 07:30 (20:00 BST on Sunday). Officers managed to stop the bulldozer when it got stuck after it knocked down the house. "(An officer) couldn't get into the bulldozer because the doors were secured so he smashed the window of the bulldozer and delivered an entire can of OC spray (pepper spray) into the cabin, which incapacitated the driver," Inspector Matthews said. He added that the driver, who had previously lived with the family, had breached a court order banning him from assault or intimidation taken out against him by one of the women living in the house. The driver is being questioned at Charlestown police station. He was expected to be charged with attempted murder, the Newcastle Herald reports.
The report was part of a campaign to undermine a nation which valued human rights, it said. The UN published the report after a year-long investigation. It said the government may have committed crimes against humanity, including a shoot-to-kill policy on its borders. President Isaias Afewerki has governed the East African nation for 22 years, and the country has never held elections since gaining independence from Ethiopia in 1993. Eritreans account for the second-largest group of migrants crossing the Mediterranean, after Syrians, with an estimated 5,000 fleeing every month. The report said Eritreans flee the hardship caused by systematic and widespread human rights abuses. Eritrea's foreign ministry said in a statement that the UN's allegations were "totally unfounded and devoid of all merit". "They are an attack, not so much on the government, but on a civilised society and people who cherish human values and dignity," it added.
Janet Jordon, 48, her daughter Derrin, aged six, and her partner Philip Howard, 44, were found in a house in Vicarage Road, Didcot, on 23 May. The body of murder suspect, Janet's son 21-year-old Jed Allen, was found two days later in woodland near Marston Ferry Road, Oxford. The private funeral is being held at Oxford Crematorium. The families of the murder victims described their deaths as an "unimaginable" tragedy. Post-mortem examinations confirmed all three died from multiple stab wounds.
Police and fire crews were called to the scene, close to Lesmahagow, at about 10:30 on Friday after a tanker carrying highly-flammable ethanol caught fire. No-one was injured as a result of the blaze. The motorway was closed in both directions for several hours, with queues of up to nine miles reported. About 100 firefighters were involved in efforts to extinguish the blaze. Deputy Assistant Chief Officer Paul Connelly, from the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service, said: "The nature of the fuel involved in the fire meant it was both intense and very difficult to extinguish. "Large volumes of water were deployed from multiple jets and our crews also conducted several foam strikes to smother the flames. "Considerable resources were mobilised from across the west of Scotland to conduct a safe and effective firefighting operation, which has ultimately seen the fire extinguished. He added: "Our crews will remain at the scene over the coming hours while the remaining ethanol is removed from the vehicle.
"Dependency on giving that only appears to be charitable must end," he said in a tweet ahead of this weekend's African Union summit in South Africa. The BBC's Robert Kiptoo in Kenya says it is not a government policy but a rallying cry for African leaders. Aid is believed to account for 5-6% of Kenya's total income. Mr Kenyatta said that foreign aid "often carries terms and conditions that preclude progress". "It is time to give it up," he wrote.
Titan Arum produced a bud several weeks ago, which has recently been growing at several centimetres a day. But up until Friday morning it had not been clear if it would produce a leaf, or a flower. It will be the first time the so-called "corpse flower" has ever blossomed in Scotland. It gets its name from the stench of decaying flesh it produces, to attract insects to pollinate it. Staff at the Garden said "it's going to be incredible" when the full bloom shows. But that could take at least a week. And the full bloom, when it does appear, may only last for 48 hours. The corm was gifted to the Botanic Garden in 2003. It produced a similar growth spurt four years ago but that turned out to be a giant leaf structure which reached to the roof of the glass house.
The pop singer from Ely, Cardiff, topped the list following an online vote from a shortlist of 30 greats. In second place was Blackwood-born James Dean Bradfield of Manic Street Preachers, with musical theatre performer John Owen Jones coming in third. Sir Tom Jones and Dame Shirley Bassey, finished fourth and fifth respectively. Picking up his award, Mr Stevens said: "The fact that it's a public vote means a lot to me, so a big thank you to the people who voted. "Twelve judges from a range of musical disciplines selected a shortlist of 30 for the listeners' poll. Radio Wales editor Steve Austins said: "While I'm a little surprised at the outcome, the people of Wales have spoken and there is no doubting Shaky's contribution to British music history. "In fact his was the very first record I bought. "Any winner from such a formidable shortlist is bound to create heated debate but the poll reminds us just how blessed with talent we are here in Wales. "Shakin' Stevens shot to fame in 1981 with the number one hit single This Ole House. His platinum-selling career spans more than four decades and he is still recording and touring across the world. Wynne Evans' countdown show on Radio Wales can be heard here.
A European Commission spokesman said while progress was made on Sunday, "significant gaps" remained. Europe wants Greece to make spending cuts worth €2bn (£1. 44bn), to secure a deal that will unlock bailout funds. Greek deputy prime minister Yannis Dragasakis said that Athens was still ready to negotiate with its lenders. He said Greek government proposals submitted on Sunday had fully covered the fiscal deficit as demanded. However, Mr Dragasakis added that the EU and IMF still wanted Greece to cut pensions - something Athens has said it would never accept. IMF chief economist Olivier Blanchard said in a blog post that an agreement will require "difficult decisions", with "tough choices and tough commitments to be made on both sides". The cash-strapped nation is trying to agree a funding deal with the European Union and IMF before the end of June to avoid a default. Eurozone finance ministers will discuss Greece when they meet on Thursday.  The gathering is regarded as Greece's last chance to strike a deal. The Commission spokesman said: "President [Jean-Claude] Juncker remains convinced that with stronger reform efforts on the Greek side and political will on all sides, a solution can still be found before the end of the month. "The talks come as Germany ramps up pressure on Greece.  Vice-chancellor Sigmar Gabriel said on Sunday that European nations were losing patience with Greece. Germany wanted to keep Greece in the eurozone, but writing in Bild he warned that "not only is time running out, but so too is patience across Europe". Mr Gabriel is also economy minister and head of junior coalition partners the Social Democrats. His article is seen as a warning, particularly as his party has been more sympathetic to Greece in the past. "Everywhere in Europe, the sentiment is growing that enough is enough," he wrote. Greece is seeking to avoid defaulting on a €1. 5bn debt repayment to the IMF due by the end of the month. Creditors have demanded cuts in spending in return for another tranche of bailout funds. But Greece's ruling left-wing Syriza party, led by Alexis Tsipras, was elected in January on promises to ease up on the highly unpopular austerity measures, increase the minimum monthly wage and create more jobs. However, on Saturday Mr Tsipras warned the Greek people to prepare for a "difficult compromise".
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe 21-year-old's success also guaranteed Britain a berth in the event at the Rio 2016 Olympics. The Brownlee brothers did not compete, with their focus on this year's World Series competition and the Rio Olympic test event. Benson completed the event in one hour 48 minutes 31 seconds. He was ahead of Portugal's Joao Silva (+11 seconds) and Rostyslav Pevtsov (+33secs) of Azerbaijan. After a strong swim, British team-mates Bishop (16th) and Philip Graves (46th) played a crucial role in helping Benson to the lead during the cycling phase. During the 10km run he broke free from the chasing pack and although the Leeds-based triathlete was briefly caught by Aleksandr Latin of Estonia he soon re-established his lead. "I couldn't have done it without Tom and Phil," said Benson.  "It was a real team effort.  It's a shame we couldn't all get medals - but getting the gold is brilliant. "London 2012 gold medallist Alistair Brownlee and world title-winning brother Jonny are expected to secure further Rio Olympic places for Team GB through performances at the qualification event in Brazil in August. Benson will now hope to be included in World Series races and the Rio test event in order to enhance his prospects of a place in the squad for the Rio Olympics. Triathlon, which consisted of a 1. 5km swim, 40km cycle and 10km run in the European Games, is one of three sports included in Baku 2015 which have direct qualification possibilities for next year's Olympics in Brazil.
The album, which includes the singles Dead Inside and Mercy, knocked Florence and The Machine off top spot. The band's third album, How Big, How Blue slipped to number two, with Collabro's Act Two at three. Ed Sheeran's X climbed six places to four, with Sam Smith's Lonely Hour up two at five.  Leftfield had the highest new entry at number six. The dance act's first full-length studio album for 16 years, Alternative Light Source, edged out a new deluxe edition of The Rolling Stones 1971 chart-topper Sticky Fingers. Further down the album chart, Pete Townshend's Classic Quadropenia debuted at number 32. The Who star launched a protest against the Official Chart Company last week when it decided his record wouldn't be eligible for the classical charts, because it was merely a rock album re-arranged for the orchestra. As it stands, the album at the top of the classical chart is Andre Rieu's Magic Of The Violin, which only made number 100 on the main chart. Meanwhile, Jason Derulo achieved a third week at number one in the singles chart with Want To Want Me. OMI's Cheerleader was at number two, with Major Lazer's Len on FT MO & DJ Snake at number three. Skrillex, Diplo and Justin Bieber's Where Are U Now and Galantis' Runaway (You & I) took fourth and fifth spot. But Leona Lewis's much-publicised comeback single, Fire Under My Feet, failed to make the Top 40, landing at number 51. The Official Chart will move to Fridays from 10 July - after 28 years broadcasting on a Sunday - to tie in with the new global music release day. The Official Chart with Greg James will kick off the weekend at 16:00 BST every Friday on BBC Radio 1, as part of his drivetime show. The move coincides with the music industry's launch of New Music Fridays in more than 45 countries. All albums and singles will now be released globally at 00:01 on a Friday.
Qualification for France looks little more than a formality from a favourable group that offered England and manager Roy Hodgson the perfect rehabilitation period after their embarrassing early retreat from South America at the group stage. The thrilling victory against Slovenia in Ljubljana on Sunday made it six wins out of six in Group E and with a six-point lead and four games remaining, it gives Hodgson and England the chance to make amends for events in Brazil when they reach France, as they surely will, next summer. It was also, however, a win that exposed cracks in England's make up as well as demonstrating some of the quality they can offer in attack. England's chaotic win, which contained some excellent passages of play, was the perfect antidote to those who believe they are entirely functional under Hodgson - but much of it was the wrong sort of excitement, especially in defence. So how far have England come since the World Cup and that defeat by Italy in Manaus a year ago? And can they make a serious impact in France?On results alone, England and Hodgson are above criticism - so it seems churlish to add any rider to a perfect qualifying campaign that is unblemished and a season that has seen them go unbeaten for the first time since 1990-91. This has been, however, "The Group of Death" only when it comes to excitement.  Once England skilfully negotiated what appeared to be the most hazardous fixture on their schedule, a 2-0 win in Switzerland in September courtesy of two goals from Danny Welbeck, the tone was set for routine qualification. Hodgson will rightly argue England can only beat what has been put in front of them, which they have, but none of the qualifying games will provide any sort of accurate measure to how they would cope when confronted with an elite power in a competitive environment. And of course comfortable qualification for last summer's World Cup counted for little when England were effectively out after two games. The bottom line is that heads would have rolled had England failed to qualify from this Euro 2016 group, with an inquiry to follow presumably, but it has been negotiated efficiently if not spectacularly. Hodgson is entitled to ask what more England could have done - but it may be that friendlies arranged between now and the Euros will actually tell us more than the qualifying campaign. There is no better plus point than an unblemished record of six from six - and there are other factors Hodgson can point to as he engenders hope and optimism ahead of Euro 2016. Hodgson often talks of his squad being young and this is true.  There is a younger, fresher look to England's squad, in part because of the retirement of the likes of Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard and the decision to move away from experienced players such as Glen Johnson.  This feels like a new generation. Joe Hart remains one of the best goalkeepers in the world and Hodgson will look to develop young players in and around the team in the next 12 months - with an eye on talent emerging during the under-21 Euros later this month. Despite his contract impasse at Liverpool, 20-year-old Raheem Sterling will surely be a star of England's future and huge hopes remain for Everton's Ross Barkley, a wonderful talent who must rebuild after a disappointing 12 months. Jack Wilshere has been a great hope for England over the last couple of seasons.  He has seen his career curtailed by injuries but he rose to the occasion in Slovenia. He was not simply the strong-running, creative Wilshere loved by Arsenal's supporters, he was a controlling influence in times of trouble and produced two spectacular strikes, his first for England on his 28th appearance. If he can stay fit and build on that next season, Hodgson will finally have the midfield gem he has been waiting to polish. And in Gareth Southgate's Under-21 squad, there are players who will be earmarked to progress at such a rate to possibly make their mark in France, particularly Tottenham striker Harry Kane, Everton's elegant defender John Stones and West Brom forward Saido Berahino. Hodgson will also hope striker Danny Ings's move to Liverpool will speed his development. Add this to the quality and experience already provided by the likes of captain Wayne Rooney and with hopes Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge may actually stay fit (a long shot admittedly) and Hodgson will feel he can head into the Euros in good heart. Watch a video of England's defensive performance here in Ljubljana.  They are easy to spot. England lacked defensive leadership, organisation, lacked a leader who, according to BBC Radio 5 live pundit Martin Keown, is in the mould of his former Arsenal captain Tony Adams, a defender who takes concession of a goal personally. A crass error from Phil Jones, a foul throw-in that went unpunished but straight to a Slovenia player, led to the first goal and weakness in the air brought the second. Defence is England's soft underbelly and better teams than Slovenia will have noticed its failings here. The worry for Hodgson is that this is an old problem that remains uncured. Before leaving for the World Cup, England's defence was pinpointed as an area of potential trouble, a flaw that could be unpicked by players of the highest class. And so it proved - not so much in defeat by Italy but in the decisive loss to Uruguay, where Luis Suarez, despite not being fully fit, tormented the central defensive duo of Gary Cahill and Phil Jagielka to score twice. Media playback is not supported on this deviceThose questions remain about England's defensive quality, where Manchester United pairing Phil Jones and Chris Smalling have failed to convince and Jagielka, despite a superb personal season at Everton, is unlikely to be the answer in France. Neither convinced in Slovenia and Jones, in particular, looks all at sea at international level.  Hodgson seems obsessed with finding him a place in the team - remember the failed holding midfield experiment against Italy in Turin? - but he has rarely looked accomplished for England. This is where Stones may come in and partner Cahill, who is nowhere near as assured for England as he is at club level for Chelsea when he has John Terry alongside him for support. Stones is untested at the highest level for all of his talent while the full-back spots are up for grabs, with Southampton's Nathaniel Clyne and Everton's Leighton Baines (who suffered badly at the World Cup) likely to emerge in pole position. England's midfield may see off the lower orders in the international pecking order but is its ball retention good enough against the best? It certainly was not at the World Cup and again this qualifying campaign has not offered a firm solution. And for all those who snipe, England are still heavily reliant on the goals, inspiration and leadership of captain Rooney - too reliant given the retirement of Gerrard and Lampard. Rooney will be 30, and surely England's record goalscorer, by the time Euro 2016 starts.  He has not had any significant impact on a major tournament since he burst on the scene as an Everton 18-year-old at Euro 2004 and yet it looks certain he will still be shouldering the heaviest burden of responsibility. For all those who have questioned his place in the past, England have never, ever looked better without him. It is perhaps a sign of England's lack of development that no-one has yet come forward to ease that strain on a player and personality so desperate to do well for England. No - try asking a different question. Can England make an impact at Euro 2016? Yes… if all their best players fire. It takes too much of a leap of the imagination to see England troubling the likes of Germany and Spain but they will give plenty of others a run for their money if Hodgson can somehow make all the pieces fit and prove he can inspire, and relate to, this younger group of players. In flashes, admittedly against a Slovenia side ranked 48th in the world, they showed they have quality in attack.  It is elsewhere that the failings are found. There is talent within the squad that can get a result on a given day but when it comes to major tournaments England do not have enough given days. It is not as big a task as the World Cup but surely England will survive the group but questions remain about how much further they would drive into the tournament. Hard to assess.  Results have been excellent but little excitement surrounds this England team under Hodgson, not helped by the standard of opposition in their Euro qualifying group and performances like the dross served up against the Republic of Ireland. There has been that move towards the next era of younger players led by the likes of Wilshere, Sterling, Barkley but they still have so far to go. Hodgson is satisfied with England's progress, saying: "We started with a new group and we didn't know where that would lead but I've been quite pleased with what they've done so far. "He added: "Grieving is too strong a word but there's a process.  You have to give yourself time to get back in some sort of balance, But I'm satisfied we were able to get over it and to get off to a good start in the group in September and we've kept that going. "It won't be forgotten.  You don't forget bad moments in your life, no more than you do the good moments.   It's part of your life and part of your football life.  Everyone in football has to develop the mental strength to deal with that and we've dealt with it. "Measured by results - the most important gauge of any team - England have progressed but the reality states that no-one will work out exactly how far, if at all, they have really come forward until they meet that first serious opposition at the Euros.
Russian Football Union acting president Nikita Simonyan told the R-Sport agency Capello's role was in question. Simonyan's comments came following Russia's 1-0 defeat by Austria in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday. Russia are third in their group and are facing the prospect of needing to win a play-off to reach the tournament. Former England manager Capello, 68, took over as Russia boss in July 2012 and signed a four-year contract extension in January 2014. The deal was designed to keep the Italian in the role until the 2018 World Cup, which is due to be staged in Russia. Russia were knocked out at the group stage of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil without winning a game, and have eight points from six games in their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign. Capello's side have failed to win in five games, losing two, and are eight points behind Group G leaders Austria and four adrift of Sweden, in second.
Spokesman Josh Earnest confirmed a private party was held on Saturday but said little else. The guest list of 500 was said to include lobbyists, CEOs and celebrities. The Rev Al Sharpton tweeted about a performance by Prince and Steve Wonder. The civil rights activist and TV host wrote it was "awesome" to see them both on the keyboards. Mr Earnest did say the Obamas' paid for the party on "their own dime", but would not say how much the party cost. The New York Post reported that film director Tyler Perry, actresses Angela Bassett and fashion designer Naeem Khan were among the celebrity guests.
Inflation, as measured by Consumer Prices Index (CPI), rose to 0. 1% in May, up from -0. 1% in April. The biggest contribution to the rise came from transport, notably air fares, the Office for National Statistics said. In April, CPI inflation turned negative for the first time since 1960, mainly due to a drop in air and sea fares. ONS statistician Philip Gooding said: "Last month CPI turned negative, mainly because of falling transport fares due to the timing of Easter.  This month, that fall has been reversed. "He added that the falls in food and fuel costs over the past year "have eased this month, helping to push inflation up". While the prices of food and fuel rose in May from the previous month, the prices were still lower than a year earlier. However, while the overall effect of food and fuel on CPI inflation pulled the rate down by about 0. 5 percentage points in May, this was less pronounced than the month before when the prices had a negative effect of 0. 7 percentage points. Ben Brettell, senior economist at Hargreaves Lansdown, said that "seasonal factors surrounding the timing of the Easter holiday were at work in last month's figures - CPI inflation was pushed down by cheaper air fares relative to last year.  Now those factors have dropped out of the calculation we are back where we started. "Negative inflation "proved both marginal and fleeting", said Howard Archer, chief UK and European economist at IHS Global Insight. "We doubt that deflation will recur in the UK, although it cannot be completely ruled out if oil prices take a renewed appreciable downward lurch," he said. Nevertheless, inflationary pressures "remained limited in May and core inflation was still only 0. 9% after hitting a 14-year low of 0. 8% in April," Mr Archer added. Martin Beck, senior economic advisor to the EY ITEM Club, said that CPI inflation measure could briefly turn negative again during the summer. "Petrol prices, having rallied earlier in the year, have stabilised lately, while today's producer prices data indicates that there are no inflationary pressures coming along the supply chain," Mr Beck said. In May Retail Prices Index (RPI) inflation, a separate measure which includes housing costs, was 1%, up from 0. 9% in April. Bank of England governor Mark Carney has said he expects inflation to remain low in the short term. The Bank expects near-zero inflation to help the UK economy by boosting the spending power of households. Chancellor George Osborne said "a powerful mix of low prices and rising wages" was "good news for working people and family budgets". Nevertheless, he said: "Of course the job is not done and we will continue to remain vigilant to all risks, particularly when the global economic situation is so uncertain. "Labour's shadow chief secretary to the Treasury, Shabana Mahmood, said that despite the low level of inflation, "many households are still struggling to pay the bills". "We need stronger action now to raise productivity to deliver sustainable growth and rising living standards," she said.
He would go on to become an iconic figure in Cornish rugby, paving the way for other Pacific islanders to play rugby in the UK, and this week a capacity crowd of 3,000 turned out in his honour. A charity rugby match to raise money for the Marie Therese hospital in Hayle, which has become the former player's home since he was left paralysed in an operation last year, was organised by his sons and featured a fly-past by a helicopter from RNAS Culdrose. All three of Mr Matavesi's sons play rugby professionally and they called upon some of their illustrious colleagues to take part while others, like England international Jack Nowell, donated signed shirts that helped raise nearly Â£8,000 in an auction. Ex-All Blacks player Jerry Collins, who died in a car crash earlier this month, had been due to play. The event was the latest in a story that started with less fanfare when Matavesi senior came to the UK on a rugby tour with the Fiji Barbarians, in 1985. He made such an impression during a match in Cornwall that Camborne rugby club paid for him to return to play for them. As rugby union was an amateur sport in the 1980s, the club had to find him a job and the former coconut farmer, from the remote Vanua Balavu island in eastern Fiji, was taken on as a miner at South Crofty. "The only job available was tin mining, there was a lot of banter down there and I loved it," Mr Matavesi said. "All the rugby players worked down at the mine and everybody looked after each other, apart from at the weekend when we would play against each other and try to kill each other, that was the Cornish way of life. "Rugby was completely different in Fiji, I couldn't even afford a pair of boots.  I had to borrow my dad's which were size 14 and pack them with pieces of cloth and paper. "He returned to play for the club for several seasons before making Cornwall his permanent home after meeting Camborne local Karen Lean, with whom he started a family after they married. When she died in 2005, Mr Matavesi was left to bring up eldest son Josh, 24, who plays for Swansea's Ospreys and features in the Fijian World Cup squad. His middle son Sam, aged 23, whose regular job is with Plymouth Albion, has also represented Fiji and his youngest son 20-year-old Joel, is up and coming at Ospreys, too. "It's so weird watching the boys on TV. I'm in the hospital with an iPad, that they had to teach me how to use - it's not like smoke signals in Fiji," Mr Matavesi quipped. "That was one proud moment for me, when I saw Josh run out and sing the national anthem, I didn't know if he could speak Fijian or not but I saw his lips moving!"The 59-year-old describes his Marie Therese home as "one of the best places that ever existed," but was moved to organise the charity match when he realised its facilities were lacking. "I suddenly found my strength here, it's the way the staff treat us, we're not treated as a number," he said. "The nurses are doing a lot of physical lifting as there are three lifts and two of them don't work. "The gym is empty, whatever we can screw, velcro or tie together, we'll use.  I'm lucky enough to see this and be looked after by these dedicated staff. "He approaches his life there with the same spirit Roger Moyle recognised in the 1980s. Mr Moyle was one of the men who was instrumental in bringing him to Cornwall in the first place, a decision he describes as "one of the greatest things we ever did. ""He had a massive frame and he entered the clubhouse like a true south sea island warrior, he turned out to be an iconic player for us, loved wherever we went," he said. Mr Matavesi joked that it did not take long for his massive frame to be enhanced by the local delicacy. "When I came over I was about 15-16 stone and I was playing as a loose forward," he said. "Then, after so many pasties, I had to be pushed in front to prop - I was beginning to look like a pasty.
There are also rumours that Mokhtar Belmokhtar, the leader of al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), has also been killed in a separate drone strike in Libya although the group has denied this. Meanwhile, the United States deployed a special forces team deep inside Syrian territory last month which killed Abu Sayyaf, a senior figure within Islamic State. Killing jihadist leaders is an established policy, although its efficacy as a strategy is not always clear.  The most famous example of this approach, of course, came with the raid to kill Osama bin Laden in Pakistan. A few months later the wildly popular al-Qaeda ideologue, Anwar al-Awlaki, was killed in a drone strike in Yemen.  The appeal of both men declined sharply afterwards prompting the view that killing terrorist leaders might be enough to force the global jihad movement into terminal decline. That belief has pervaded parts of US President Barack Obama's administration, which has pursued an aggressive drone strategy aimed at decimating much of al-Qaeda's leadership.  The overwhelming majority of its most important figureheads have now been killed in this way, severely impacting the group's operations. For a moment it seemed as if the so-called "War on Terror" was won. Al-Qaeda hit back.  When the group announced Osama Bin Laden's death, it asked: "Are the Americans able to kill what Sheikh Osama lived and fought for, even with all their soldiers, intelligence, and agencies? Never! Never! Sheikh Osama did not build an organisation that would die with him, nor would end with him. "A similar message of defiance followed the death of Awlaki when the group declared: "America has killed Sheikh Anwar, but they can never kill his ideology. "Indeed, the global jihadist current has not ended with the death of Osama bin Laden.  Instead it has spread into something much more potent, particularly in Syria and Iraq where fighters of the Islamic State (IS) group run rampant. They are, ironically, the inheritors of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's legacy - the former leader of al-Qaeda in Iraq who was himself killed by the US in 2006. When Islamic State detached itself from the central leadership of al-Qaeda to pursue an even more aggressive policy in Syria and Iraq, it claimed to be following the true spirit of Bin Laden's vision. They defied his successor, Ayman al-Zawahiri, who had ordered IS to confine its operations to Iraq while leaving Jabhat al-Nusra to fight as the official representatives of al-Qaeda in Syria. The dispute between al-Qaeda and Islamic State has now given way to fratricidal conflict between the two groups and demonstrates both the limits and unintended consequences of killing terrorist leaders. Herein lies the dilemma.  There is obvious utility in killing terrorist leaders.  Their deaths offer huge psychological blows to the groups they lead and impairs their operational capacity. But there are clear drawbacks too.  The vacuum left by the absence of terrorist leaders can also fracture the movements they leave behind, spawning even more violent and nihilistic offshoots. Shiraz Maher is a Senior Fellow at the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation (ICSR), King's College London.
"Caucasian Heritage Night: Irish, Italian, Scandinavian, German --- or even Utahn! Whatever your background, celebrate it at the Home of the Owlz!" a calendar entry reads. Other promotions included "Christmas in August" and "Throwback Night". The team is associated with the Angels, a major league team in California. "Our goal in this promotion, like any of our promotions, is to have fun and make fun of everyday normalcies," the team said. "Our night was to include wonder bread on burgers with mayonnaise, clips from shows like Friends and Seinfeld and trying to solve the vertical leaping challenge. "We understand, in light of recent tragic events, that our intentions have been misconstrued.  For that, we sincerely apologise. "On Wednesday night, nine people were shot dead in an African-American church in South Carolina in what police termed a hate crime. The Owlz are a rookie-league team - the most entry level division of the minor leagues.  The league is designed for new players hone their skills.
A painting of Neuschwanstein Castle in Bavaria fetched the highest price at Saturday's sale, selling to a Chinese buyer for £71,000 (100,000 euros). A still-life of carnations, signed A Hitler, fetched £52,000 (72,000 euros) at the Nuremberg event. Last year the same auction house sold a watercolour painted by Hitler in 1914 for £93,000 (129,000 euros). The auction was organised by Weidler Auctioneers of Nuremberg, which said bidders included private investors from Brazil, the United Arab Emirates, France and Germany.  It did not identify the buyers or the sellers. Although Hitler is considered a mediocre artist, his artworks command high prices when they go under the hammer. Germany's Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (FAZ) reports that Hitler paintings can be sold under German law provided they do not display any Nazi symbols. FAZ said these were believed to be by Hitler - and most were signed "A Hitler".  But it cautioned that "countless forgeries [of Hitler paintings] exist". The future dictator sought admission to the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts in the 1900s but was rejected twice. He went on to become Germany's military and political leader from 1933 to 1945, launching World War Two and causing the deaths of millions.
But now, for the first time, the dirt has been dug up by archaeologists eager to find out more about our ancestors. Perhaps the most interesting find has been the foundations of a house dating back to the 1300s. The archaeologists said it is a hugely significant find, opening another door into the past and allowing us to learn more about how people used to live. A flint scraper, used by people living more than 3,000 years ago, was also found.  It would have been used to scrape animal skins, and as a sort of tool for eating food. The dig was organised by the Belfast Hills Partnership and Queen's University Belfast.  First-year archaeology students were given their first chance to explore an ancient site. Some of those taking part said it had made them even more eager to follow this career path. The dig has been going on for several weeks, but at the end of next week it will all be covered up again and restored to how it was before the archaeologists dug their trowels into the previously untouched land. Lizzy Pinkerton from the Belfast Hills Partnership said they want to make sure it remains in good condition.  They will now analyse all of the data and artefacts they have found. It is unclear how many other potted sites like the one in Slievenacloy are waiting to be explored all over Northern Ireland, but the enthusiastic archaeologists say they are determined to find out.
Ferries are stuck at Dover and part of the M20 has been closed as lorries wait to cross the Channel. The action by MyFerryLink workers has also caused Eurostar services to be suspended for the day, after protesters got on to the tracks. Migrant activity is reported to have increased, with people attempting to board Kent-bound lorries in France. The Foreign Office has warned travellers to keep their car doors locked in slow moving traffic heading back to the UK.A spokeswoman for the Prime Minister David Cameron said he was being "kept updated" on the situation. P&O Ferries said the MyFerryLink workers feared for their jobs after their ships were sold by Eurotunnel to DFDS at short notice. P&O Chief Executive Helen Deeble said the sale had taken place with neither party appearing to engage constructively with French staff. She also said her company was bearing the brunt of the disruption. DFDS said it had received confirmation on Monday that Eurotunnel had accepted its offer to buy two ferries. Carsten Jensen, senior vice-president at DFDS Seaways, said: "I understand that this is a difficult time for MyFerryLink employees but this is not a good situation for anyone and we hope this action will end swiftly. "Eurotunnel has not yet responded to the criticism by P&O.In Kent, cross-Channel freight traffic waiting to cross Dover has built up and Operation Stack has been brought in to close part of the M20 so lorries can queue on the motorway. Despite the strike being due to end at 20:00 local time (19:00 BST), Operation Stack will continue throughout the night and into the morning. Dover Harbour Board said the industrial action closed the Port of Calais in the early hours and all ferries to and from Dover were affected, apart from DFDS Seaways services to Dunkirk. Kent Police has said extra Dunkirk crossings have been arranged. Tensions over illegal migrants at Calais have been rising, with the deputy mayor of the town blaming the British government for the number of people trying to board lorries. Philippe Mignonet told BBC Radio Kent: "We will block the port - as simple as that.  We'll arrange to block the tunnel if nothing is done". In response, a Home Office spokesman said: "Law and order in and around Calais is the responsibility of the French authorities, but the UK continues to work with its French counterparts to strengthen the security of the border to stop illegal immigrants entering the UK."Lorry driver Chris Cary, from Rochester, said he tried to cross the Channel back to Kent early on Tuesday but then decided to attempt getting on a train instead. But he said he found the road on fire as he approached the terminal with about 500-600 trucks waiting to cross. "I didn't cancel my booking this morning for P&O, so I've literally just come back to the port and I'm now sitting back on the lane where I was at 03:10 this morning waiting for a boat," he said. Freight Transport Association's (FTA) international manager, Donald Armour, said blockades had brought the main motorway near Calais to a halt. He said the FTA was very worried about someone getting hurt with the worsening migrant situation there. "There is a lot of fighting between the migrants who all want to be on the best part of the road to get on to the lorries," he said. "We haven't had a fatality but it's not good.  The situation is definitely worse than it has ever been. "Truckers have been being advised not to stop within about 60 miles (97km) of Calais, to stick with other drivers and keep padlocks on their vehicles. Dover port has urged people travelling with DFDS Seaways, P&O and MyFerryLink to check with their operators before travelling. MyFerryLink has said its operations will end after 2 July and all bookings after that date will be refunded.  The ferry operator has not yet commented on Tuesday's strike action. Are you in Calais? Have you been affected by the disruption? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk. If you are available to talk to a BBC journalist, please include a telephone number. Email your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk, upload them here, tweet them to @BBC_HaveYourSay or text 61124.  If you are outside the UK, send them to the international number +44 7624 800 100. Or WhatsApp us on +44 7525 900971. Read our terms and conditions.
The pound jumped by 0. 85%, or more than one euro cent, to â‚¬1. 4072, although against the dollar the pound was down 0. 26% at $1. 5783. On the stock market, the FTSE 100 was 16. 93 points higher at 6,842. 60, adding to the sharp gains seen on Monday. However, the FTSE was lagging gains elsewhere, with Germany's Dax and France's Cac 40 both up more than 1%. Shares in business supplies distributor Bunzl dropped 1. 6% - the biggest faller in the FTSE 100 - after it said organic revenue growth had slowed in the first half of its financial year. Bunzl also announced it had bought four businesses in the US, Colombia, Canada and France. However, the most eye-catching move was in the FTSE 250, where shares in Ladbrokes jumped 16% after it said it was in merger talks with Gala Coral.
Media playback is unsupported on your device24 June 2015 Last updated at 13:21 BST59-year-old Vivian Gabb, a pilates and tennis coach from London, was in the final stages of buying a house when the scammers struck. She was unaware that her email had been hacked and every email she wrote and received was being monitored by criminals. They sent her a message disguised as a follow-up email from her solicitor, asking for nearly £50,000 to be paid into their account. The internet safety advice website Get Safe Online says more than half (51%) of people in the UK have been a victim of an online crime, and 15% of people have been victims of either attempted or successful hacks of their email account. Watch  Victoria Derbyshire on weekdays from 09:15-11:00 BST on BBC Two and BBC News channel.  Follow the programme on Facebook and Twitter, and find all our content online.
Williams, who took Cuthbert's place on the wing during the Six Nations, will miss Wales' first two warm up matches following foot surgery. Ex-Wales centre James says Cuthbert faces a big task to win the shirt back. "He'll be very lucky if he gets back in," he said.  "I don't think he's put his hand up this season. "Cardiff Blues' back Cuthbert, 25, has not played for Wales since their 26-23 win over Scotland in February at Murrayfield, their second match of Six Nations. He was left out of the matchday squads altogether for their three remaining fixtures. The previously prolific Cuthbert failed to score in 11 of the 14 matches he played for his region in the Pro12 during 2014-15, but crossed twice in their final fixture of the campaign against bottom side Zebre. He has been included in Wales' 47-man World Cup training squad which will be trimmed down to 31 at the end of August and James told Radio Wales Sport that the winger needs to improve. "It's down to mental attitude possibly," the 2001 British Lion said.  "It depends how he goes in the training camp. "If I was in the training camp and I was one of the backs I'd see this as a massive opportunity to really step up my game, show what you can do and put your hands up. "Wales head coach Warren Gatland is "optimistic" Williams, 24, will recover in time to take part in the World Cup. James says losing the Scarlets' back would be a setback for Wales, who are already without injured centre Jonathan Davies (knee). "It would be a massive blow," said James.  "He's certainly a valuable commodity to have in the back division. "He seems to create a hell of a lot of try-scoring opportunities, which we've seen him doing time and time again for Scarlets, but also for Wales this season.  So let's hope he makes a speedy recovery.
Gareth Southgate's side went out in the group stage in the Czech Republic. "We made the decision and I back it," Ashworth told the BBC's senior football reporter Ian Dennis. "Youth teams are there to help develop players and give them experience to get into the seniors. "Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling, Everton midfielder Ross Barkley, Arsenal midfielders Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Jack Wilshere and Manchester United defender Phil Jones were among those eligible but not called up. Media playback is not supported on this deviceAshworth added: "Those players are established internationals.  It's like being a first-team player and asking them to come back and play in the U21s.  It's not necessarily the right thing to do. "The players who hadn't competed in the two-year cycle and lead-up to the European Championship wouldn't be considered. "The debate will be reopened now but we stand by the decision Gareth and I made.  You never know when you drop players into a new group whether it'll be the right thing to do. "England, who had Premier League quality in Tottenham striker Harry Kane, Everton defender John Stones and new Liverpool forward Danny Ings, lost 1-0 to Portugal, beat Sweden by the same score but then lost 3-1 to Italy. Ashworth had a key role in the FA introducing proposals - the 'England DNA programme' - in December aimed at improving England's prospects at major tournaments. The plan is to co-ordinate the style, formation and tactics from the under-15 side upwards.  And he believes improvements can be seen already. "I don't want to hide behind the fact we're devastated to have been eliminated in the group stages," Ashworth said.  "We're disappointed with the group that we hoped and thought might go a bit further.  But there are some success stories. "In order to win things at senior level, we need to develop players who can deal with the ball in all areas of the pitch.  We have to prioritise that in the development teams. "They're young players and they'll make mistakes - it will cost us games.  We have to accept that.  We can't after six months say that's wrong, let's just crash it down the other end as quickly as we can. "We're starting to see a different kind of player come through the system now.  Three years into EPPP [Elite Player Performance Plan] we're seeing players more capable with the ball.  I believe it will stand us in good stead in years to come.  Is it too soon now to see that? Yes, perhaps. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceFA chairman Greg Dyke set a target in 2013 for England to win the World Cup by 2022 and Ashworth is adamant that this remains a realistic goal. "Yes I do believe that," he said.  "I genuinely believe we have a lot of good young players in the system.  We have the pathways getting better at clubs and international level. "We've introduced an Under-15s, 18s and 20s in the past 12 months because we recognise we need to give our players more big-game experience. "You've seen at this tournament we need players who are able to make decisions at the top level in the big games in order to win tournaments.  But that takes time - it doesn't happen overnight. "We're all doing the right things but we need to sit tight and be a little patient and let it run its course.  I'm convinced it will. "Match of the Day pundit Gary Lineker criticised the "exasperatingly amateurish approach" not to select players such as Sterling, Wilshere and Barkley for the tournament. "We never learn.  What a wasted opportunity to gather invaluable international experience," the former England captain added on his Twitter page. Former QPR midfielder Joey Barton, who won one cap for England, said the "culture is rotten" in English football, and criticised the power of the Premier League clubs. "There doesn't seem to be the pride there once was at representing England at any level or a major tournament," he told BBC 5 live. "We have a talent pool to match any nation.  It's not the players or coaching staff.  It's not one thing, it's an accumulation of many things. "The culture in English football isn't changing.  No St George's Park, no massive spend, no changing coach will change it.  The culture is rotten from top to bottom.  The England national team will underperform at every single tournament for this reason. "The players think 'I'm too good for the under-21s, I've been in a senior squad - I don't want to go to a major tournament.  I need to rest because I want to play in the Europa League or Champions League next year'. "Or 'hang on it's better for my career not to go to this tournament'.  Or their managers are saying it.  That's the problem with the Premier League being stronger than the FA. It's impossible for England to build good teams. "The FA should say to them if you don't make yourself eligible for the under-21s, then you won't be considered for the national team for however many years. "I feel for Dan Ashworth, I feel sorry for Gareth Southgate, I feel sorry for Roy Hodgson.  What they are trying to do is so difficult until they get the Premier League back in line. "Former England defender Danny Mills has been on an FA commission set up to assess potential improvements to English football. He said it could take a decade for major improvements to come to fruition, and also suggested English players earning too much is to blame. "We looked at this as a commission and decided things needed to change.  Gareth has only been in the job two years.  Things don't change overnight.  Changing the way England play and players develop will take 10 years at least.  That's what the Germans had to do before becoming very successful. "Do they get too much too soon? It's very difficult for the coaching staff.  Raheem Sterling doesn't want to play for Liverpool - he certainly would have caused more problems for the under-21s than he would have done them good. "When me and Joey were coming through, playing for the under-21s and national team was massive kudos. "That doesn't happen now, they're given so much so early in club football that England Under-21s has become secondary.  There isn't the same desire to play for them.  Spain and Germany still have the desire to play for their Under-21s - they get paid an awful lot less than our players. "English players are paid too much and clubs put pressure on them not to go to the tournament - 'We want to save you for next season'.  We have to change this culture. "I can't believe players even consider not playing for the under-21s.  Those players like Barkley or Sterling could have called Gareth up and said 'I want to be in your side'. "You can listen to BBC Radio 5 live's Dan Ashworth interview and the reaction to the England Under-21s' performance from Joey Barton and Danny Mills here.
The East Riding of Yorkshire Council refused planning permission for the scheme at North Ferriby, near Hull, in May 2013. The developer St Modwen appealed to the Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government Greg Clark, who has rejected the plan. The company said it was disappointed and is considering its options. The Melton Fields project would have consisted of 510 houses and a care home.  The company also applied for permission for an alternative smaller scheme of 390 homes. Villagers mounted a campaign against the development, with more than 1,200 people writing letters objecting to the plans. East Riding council rejected both proposals claiming the land had been earmarked for employment rather than residential use. The developer appealed against the council's decision to the government's Planning Inspectorate, which held a public inquiry last year. Councillor John Mabbett, vice chairman of North Ferriby Parish Council, described the secretary of state's refusal as "a victory for common sense". "Had this ill-conceived development been approved our community would have been overwhelmed by its size and the fabric and character of the village would have been harmed for ever," he said. A spokesperson for St Modwen said: "We firmly believe that our proposals for a residential development represent the most viable option for the site, and for the region. "Our proposals would not only deliver much needed family homes, but also bring important investment and jobs to the local area.
Tierra del Fuego judge Lilian Herraez ordered the authorities to seize boats and other assets worth $156m. Argentina claims sovereignty of the islands, which it calls the Malvinas. The oil companies named in the case are not based in Argentina and it is not clear how the measure will be implemented. Drilling for oil in the territorial waters around the Falklands began in 2010 despite opposition from Buenos Aires. Judge Herraez says the new ruling will take steps to try to seize the companies' assets abroad. The five companies mentioned are: Premier Oil Plc, Rockhopper Exploration Plc, Falkland Oil and Gas Ltd, Noble Energy Inc and Edison International Spa. Three of the companies are British-based, one is American, based in Texas, and one is French-owned, based in Italy. Britain and Argentina went to war over the Falklands in 1982. Argentina occupied the South Atlantic archipelago for 74 days, before British forces regained control. During the conflict, 255 British and about 650 Argentine servicemen were killed, along with three Falklands civilians. Argentina accuses Britain of colonialism, saying the islands lie some 700km (450 miles) off its coast. Britain has held the Falklands for 180 years and says the wishes of its 3,000 residents should be respected. The vast majority of them want the islands to remain a British overseas territory. "They want to remain British and that view should be respected by everybody, including by Argentina," said David Cameron after a 2013 referendum in which the islanders gave almost unanimous support for the status quo. Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner said at the time that Britain was "arrogant" and "bordering on stupidity" for refusing to negotiate on the future of the islands.
The beach where Seifeddine Rezgui stood on Friday, pulled a Kalashnikov from his parasol and unleashed Tunisia's worst ever terror attack, has already reopened. Camera crews capture the spot; passers-by pause for a moment.  But the emotional scars of the tragedy that took place will live on for a generation. For 57-year-old Sabi, they're still raw.  He runs the boat club on the beach, used principally by customers of the Hotel Imperial, targeted that day. He points to the spot where the gunman opened fire, appearing first to make a phone call, before throwing his mobile into the sea and beginning his killing spree. "People all around me were falling", he recalls, "and I just grabbed as many customers as I could and ran. " They went through a staff gate to a basement of the hotel - but Sabi returned to bring more to safety. "I saw six of our loyal customers die, people who always came to this hotel.  They were like brothers to me.  This beach should be full of life now.  But it's deserted. "Sabi pauses, looking at the rows of empty sunbeds.  "We will fight", he says, his lip quivering, tears welling up.  "At least we can still smile". Tunisia is a nation in shock - and its tourism lifeline is under serious threat. Thousands of holidaymakers have already left on emergency flights laid on by tour operators. I watched as another busload from the Hotel Imperial arrived at the local Enfidha airport on Saturday night, heading for Manchester.  Among them was one man whose fiancee had died in front of him.  Most were too traumatised to talk. But in the hotels beside the Imperial, dozens are staying put.  "I wanted to leave early", says Isabelle Campbell from Gateshead, "but my husband said: if we go, they win.  I'm not relaxed though, I'm nervous about going to the beach. "Her husband, Bob Taylor, says they ventured down earlier and saw a speed-boat manoeuvring in the water, revving its engines towards them.  "For a moment, we thought: Oh God, something is going to happen again.  We used to go to Egypt but changed to Tunisia because of the security threat there", he adds.  "Now we don't know what'll happen here. "One in ten Tunisians works in the tourism industry.  It took a hit after the attack on the Bardo museum in March - and is now widely expected to plummet. The fear of that has only added to Tunisians' anguish over a worrying rise in Islamist attacks.  The birthplace of the Arab Spring, which was widely praised for its largely peaceful transition to democracy, now has more people fighting in Syria and Iraq than any other country: an estimated 3,000 Tunisians are thought to be there, many feared to have joined so-called Islamic State (IS). A once peaceful Arab democracy has been shaken by the chaos and civil conflict of neighbouring Libya, where IS has taken root and is thought to train increasing numbers of Tunisians crossing a porous border. It is all a vast challenge for Tunisia's new coalition government, which has scrambled to announce a security clampdown, including the closure of 80 mosques suspected of being breeding grounds for radical Islam.  Critics say the reaction has been too late. "These people want to destroy Tunisia," says Dorra Brahem, a local student, walking on the beach with her sister Aisha and friend Fatma.  "They have misunderstood Islam.  Something serious is happening here". Has the joy of Tunisia's revolution died, I ask?"Yes", says Dorra.  "At least now we can wear headscarves and go to mosques - with the old dictator, it wasn't like that.  But we miss something.  We miss peace. "6. 1 millionthe number of tourist arrivals to Tunisia in 201415. 2% the total contribution of travel and tourism to Tunisia's GDP473,000 the number of jobs supported by travel and tourism (13. 8% of total employment)We are seeking your stories relating to the Tunisia attacks.  If you or anyone you know has been affected please contact us in the following ways. Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist.
The claims against professors Nigel and Niall Piercy came to light during a staff forum set up by the university. Staff claimed to have been publicly humiliated, verbally and physically intimidated, and "told to leave if they didn't like it". Both men have been asked to comment but neither has responded. In staff forum meetings with university representatives, employees claimed both Dean Prof Nigel Piercy and Pro-dean Prof Niall Piercy had reduced staff to tears on many occasions. They also spoke about how alleged sexist comments had been used in career development reviews and claimed the university's family-friendly policies had been ignored by the two men. BBC Wales has previously spoken to past and present members of the school's teaching staff who questioned why the university's senior management team had not stepped in sooner. The issue was raised again in the staff forums, with some workers claiming the university's senior management team had been "deafening in its silence" about what was going on at the school. Although the majority of those at the meetings were critical of the professors, two members were positive. One said staff had created a "them and us" atmosphere among a culture of suspicion, while another felt some employees were unwarrantedly critical of both men. In a statement, Swansea University said it had robust anti-harassment and anti-bullying policies in place. "Any concerns raised internally about the School of Management are being dealt with by the University Registrar," a spokesman added.
Guernsey won gold in 2011, the last time table tennis was included in the sports programme for the Island Games. Alice Loveridge won her women's singles match and teamed up with Dawn Morgan and Garry Dodd for doubles wins. Dodd beat Bjorn Axelsson 3-1 in the singles, but lost to Nisse Lundberg, who also beat Alex Robinson 3-0 in the opening men's singles match. Gotland and Guernsey have shared the table tennis gold medals between them for the past decade. Gotland took gold in 2009, when Guernsey were third, and beat the Sarnians in the 2007 final. That victory was revenge for the 2005 final, when Guernsey beat the Swedish island. Island hotshots increase medal tallyJonathan De La Haye won Jersey's seventh shooting gold medal at the 2015 Island Games. De La Haye took top spot in the men's individual sport trap, beating Dan Bishop of the Isle of Wight by a single point with Guernsey's Andrew Ashplant getting the bronze. Sarah Campion and Susan De Gruchy won silver in the women's 100 yards prone rifle team event, finishing 15 points behind eventual winners Isle of Man. Fellow Jersey shooter Caroline De La Haye won bronze in the women's individual sport trap. Guernsey's Jacek Hanca has won silver in the 50m free pistol, finishing 13 points off Matthew Reed from the Isle of Wight. Sark celebrated a second shooting medal as Nick Dewe returned to the podium.  Dewe, who won team automatic ball trap bronze on Monday, took silver in the individual event.
The Spanish-language TV network had cancelled its contract to broadcast the Miss USA pageant which is co-owned by Mr Trump. Univision had said last week it would not air the pageant because of what it called insulting remarks about Mexican immigrants. Mr Trump is running for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination. Mr Trump has accused Univision of stifling his freedom of speech in order to boost the Democratic Party frontrunner, Hilary Clinton. While announcing his candidacy earlier this month, he had accused Mexico of sending rapists and other criminals to the United States. He also pledged to build a "great wall" on the US border with Mexico and insisted it would be paid for by Mexicans. He later insisted he was criticising US lawmakers, not Mexican people. US TV network NBC has also said it would not be airing the Miss USA and the Miss Universe pageants both owned by Mr Trump.
Third seed Murray plays Italian 25th seed Andreas Seppi in the third match on Centre Court at around 17:00 BST.Ward, ranked 110th, takes on Canada's Vasek Pospisil in the second match on court one at around 15:00. "It's great for British tennis and it's great for everyone involved that more people are winning matches and doing well," said Ward. "I've got to worry about my match.  Andy worries about his. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceMurray, 28, practised with Ward on Friday and the pair have become good friends over the past two years. "We've done a few training blocks together," said the Scot.  "He stayed with me in Miami a few times. "I watch a lot of his matches online when he's playing challengers and stuff.  I kind of say, 'Well done,' or let him know what I thought about the match, anything like that.  See if I can help in any way. "Ward is through to the last 32 of a Grand Slam for the first time and the 28-year-old Londoner has ensured he will break into the world's top 100 for the first time in the next rankings. He will face 25-year-old Pospisil, the reigning Wimbledon doubles champion, for the first time at the top level. "I know him pretty well," said Ward, who will collect at least £77,000 in prize money. "He's a good friend of mine actually.  We spend a lot of time together.  In the last few years, we've played a couple of times as well in the Challenger tour, a couple bigger matches in the semis and finals in the past. "We both know each other's games, so there's not too many secrets.  As I say, it's a great chance for both of us. "Murray has won six of his seven matches against Seppi, the only defeat coming on grass in Nottingham eight years ago. The 31-year-old Italian has reached two finals this year and beat Roger Federer at the Australian Open in January. "He has had such good results this year," said Murray.  "He made the final a couple of weeks ago in Halle, plays well on the grass. "He won against Roger at the Australian Open this year.  He's capable of playing some top tennis.
She said the Games would bring "honour and pride" to the country. Ms Rousseff, who has seen her popularity plunge amid a serious economic crisis, says the country will rise to the challenge and will organise a safe and successful Games. She said 12,000 people would be chosen to carry the Olympic torch through some 300 Brazilian cities next year. "We are now 399 days from the opening of the Olympic Games and on August 5 the whole world will look at us, will see the Olympic flame light up," Ms Rousseff said at a ceremony in Brasilia. The torch relay will begin in the Brazilian capital in May and will end at Rio's Maracana stadium in August, at the Olympic's opening ceremony. The Olympics organising committee and sponsors will choose the torchbearers in the next few months. Each person will carry the torch for 300 metres. The relay will take the torch through the Federal District, where Brasilia is, and 26 states during 90 to 100 days. Ms Rousseff has promised security will be a priority, inviting the thousands of fans who travelled to Brazil for the football World Cup to return for the Rio Games. Members of the International Olympic Committee have expressed concern over delays in the works for the Games. Another major concern has been pollution in the waters of the Guanabara Bay, where the sailing and windsurfing events will be held. The authorities say they understand athletes' concerns but insist that water pollution will not pose a major health risk during the Olympics, which will be held in August 2016. "We are confident that we can meet the challenge before us," said Ms Rousseff. "We will put on a historic Olympics. "Rio de Janeiro will be the first South American city to host the Olympics.
The 75-year-old was recovered unconscious from the water at Tywyn, by a crew from Aberdovey RNLI Lifeboat at 16:14 BST on Saturday. He was flown to hospital by the coastguard rescue helicopter but later died. The girls were taken to hospital as a precaution. In a separate incident, three people including a 16-year-old boy and a 14-year-old girl, were rescued from the sea in Harlech at about 15:30 BST on Saturday. Harlech Coastguard team, Criccieth RNLI Lifeboat, North Wales Police and paramedics were involved in the rescue. North Wales Police warned people to take extra care in the sea and to avoid taking risks.
He was involved in an accident while providing medical cover at a Skerries 100 practice session, the Motorcycle Union of Ireland said. He died in hospital in Dublin on Saturday. Dr Hinds, 35, from Tandragee, and his colleague Dr Fred McSorley were dubbed "the flying doctors" of Irish motorcycle sport. He was a consultant at Craigavon Area Hospital in County Armagh. He regularly worked at the North West 200 motorbike races in County Antrim. Dr McSorley told BBC NI's Good Morning Ulster on Monday that an investigation into the cause of the accident was under way. "John was not racing, he was riding his road bike.  He was not in a race, we do not race," he said. "He was travelling with the marshals after the race.  He had been on the circuit that day.  It was not a tricky corner.   He was a highly skilled rider and we really don't understand what happened," he said. Paying tribute to Dr Hinds, he said his death was  "profoundly difficult for everyone". "In road racing, he was revered and adored by so many riders. "But our thoughts also go to staff in Craigavon where he was revered for his wonderful work.  He was a natural teacher and wonderfully inspirational. "He was hugely dedicated to improving the care of critically ill people. "Dr McSorley said Dr Hinds was exceptional. "He not only saved people's lives but effectively, particularly with head injuries, he saved their brains. "The fact they are able to walk and talk normally, get to work, pick up their children and give them a hug is because of the excellent care that he provided. "Harris Healey from the Motorcycling Union said Dr Hinds was "always a gentleman". "He saved a lot of people's lives in racing accidents and people had a better outcome because he was there," he said. Dr Hinds had led a campaign for an air ambulance service to be introduced in Northern Ireland and had met the health minister, Simon Hamilton, to discuss it. He said Dr Hinds was a "lovely guy who will be sadly missed". TUV MLA Jim Allister, who backed the air ambulance campaign, said the death of Dr Hinds was deeply shocking. "He was one of our leading trauma experts.  He was driven with a great passion to try and improve the chances of those involved in serious accidents.  My thoughts are with his family. "I do hope as a lasting tribute to him, the government will now push ahead with his ambition to have a proper air ambulance service for Northern Ireland. "Members of the medical profession have also paid tribute to the Tandragee man. The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service (NIAS) tweeted: "Saddened to hear reports of the untimely death of Dr John Hinds - a friend to many in NIAS."Members of London's Air Ambulance service said Mr Hinds "was a true friend and advocate of the air ambulance community".
RMT members working for CalMac are preparing to hold a second 24-hour strike on Friday.  Union members within Argyll Ferries are also to walk out. Three days of industrial action by CalMac staff last month culminated in a 24-hour strike. The dispute has been triggered by the tendering of Clyde and Hebrides ferry services. Unions have concerns that the new contract will not protect jobs and pensions. Following a meeting on Tuesday, CalMac said dialogue with the RMT remained "open" with the talks due to reconvene on Wednesday. The RMT said that, as things stood, the 24-hour strike planned for Friday would go ahead.
The players, who thrashed Japan 5-2 on Sunday in Vancouver, will ride an open-topped bus down a stretch of Broadway commonly known as the Canyon of Heroes. It's a rare honour for athletes that do not come from New York, but pressure has been building in recent days to honour their achievement. The game was the most-watched football match in US history. A 13-minute hat-trick by Carli Lloyd blew Japan away early in the match, watched by an average of 25. 4 million viewers, peaking at 30. 4 million. President Barack Obama was among those to pay tribute to their success, which was the third time the USA women's team had won the World Cup. A rally was held in Los Angeles for the team on Tuesday, and hours later the parade was announced by New York Mayor Bill de Blasio. The last time the city honoured a team of national athletes was in 1984 after the Los Angeles Olympics.
Led by Rev Syd Graham, the private service for the couple from Bankfoot was held in Perth Crematorium on Crieff Road at 12:00. The event lasted about 45 minutes and was also be broadcast on speakers outside the crematorium. The funeral of Jim and Anne McQuire, the other Scots couple killed in the Sousse attacks, took place on Friday. The Grahams were visiting the resort to celebrate Mrs Graham's 50th birthday. Mr Graham, 51, had worked as a turnstile operator at St Johnstone Football Club for seven years. They were among the 30 Britons who died in the attack on 26 June, which killed 38 people.  Three Irish nationals, two Germans, one Belgian, one Portuguese and one Russian also died.
US prosecutors had been expressing their wish to put him on trial in a US court since his arrest in February 2014. Guzman, who was named Public Enemy Number One by the Chicago Crime Commission in 2013, has been indicted by at least seven federal district courts. As the head of the Sinaloa cartel, he is accused of overseeing the smuggling of huge amounts of drugs from South and Central America to the United States. He is also facing charges of money laundering, racketeering and arms trafficking in courts as far apart as Arizona and Texas. But since his 2014 arrest in his home state of Sinaloa, Mexico, there has been little movement on the extradition front. While US courts were arguing about who had the best case against Guzman and should therefore get priority putting him on trial, Mexican officials were making it clear they were in no rush to send him across the border. Mexico's attorney general at the time, Jesus Murillo Karam, said as early as April last year that he had "no intention" of handing Guzman over to the US authorities. In an interview with Mexican daily El Universal, Mr Murillo Karam said he was annoyed at a plea bargain an extradited Mexican drug dealer had struck with the US authorities. Jesus Vicente Zambada Niebla, also known as Vicentillo, pleaded guilty in a court in Chicago to smuggling tonnes of cocaine and heroin to the United States. In exchange for promising the US authorities "full and truthful co-operation", his sentence was reduced from a potential life sentence to 10 years. The US authorities believed Vicentillo could prove a key witness if Joaquin Guzman was ever extradited to the United States. The son of Guzman's number two, Ismael "El Mayo" Zambada, and a key player in the drugs trade himself, Vicentillo was seen as a valuable asset. But Mr Murillo Karam said he felt "uncomfortable" with the deals the US reached with "criminals" such as Vicentillo. The then-attorney general pointed out that there were plenty of charges Guzman faced in Mexico as well as in the US and that he wanted to see him tried in his homeland. He reiterated his position in January of this year, when he again stated that he wanted to see Guzman serve his sentence in Mexico first. 'El Chapo [Guzman] has to stay here to serve his sentence and then I'll extradite him.  That could be in about 300 to 400 years, there's still a long time to go. "At the time, he said that he thought a formal extradition request by the US was imminent, but it seems that following Mr Murillo Karam's strong words, the request was not filed. He argued that keeping Guzman in Mexico was also a question of sovereignty. But Mr Murillo Karam is more likely to regret another statement he made back in January. He said that extradition should be considered in instances where there was a flight risk, something he said did "not exist" in the case of Guzman. Given the fact the Guzman had escaped from another top security jail in 2001 and was on the run for the next 13 years, this was a surprising assurance. Comparisons have been drawn between Joaquin Guzman and the late infamous Colombian drug lord, Pablo Escobar. Both made immense fortunes in the illicit drug trafficking trade, and through bribery and intimidation managed to sway huge power and infiltrate parts of the security forces. Both have also mounted successful and spectacular escapes from jail. It was Pablo Escobar's jail break that played a major part in changing the Colombian approach to extradition. In a 1991 deal with the Colombian authorities, Escobar agreed to hand himself in to the Colombian police and to serve five years in a jail built to his own specifications in his hometown of Medellin. La Catedral (the cathedral), as the luxury jail was known, boasted a football pitch, a jacuzzi and a bar among its many amenities. After little more than a year, Escobar escaped from the jail and went on the run, much like Guzman did on Saturday. He was eventually killed a year later while still on the run. But before he was jailed, Escobar had threatened and cajoled members of a constitutional assembly to enshrine a ban on extraditions in the Colombian constitution. It remained in force until December 1997, when a constitutional amendment reversed the ban. Since then, Colombia has extradited many drug dealers to the United States saying that it is both a cheaper and safer option for the Colombian justice system. Colombian officials argue that in the US, Colombian drug dealers will find it harder to intimidate guards and their families or to access their riches to bribe prison staff. With 30 prison staff and the warden under questioning over the escape of Chapo Guzman at Mexico's Altiplano jail, this argument may well be met with more open ears in Mexico, too, now.
Moses, 24, has not played a competitive game for Chelsea since Jose Mourinho returned as coach two years ago. "It could be he plays a part for Chelsea this year," said Hughes, who failed in a bid to keep the player. "He showed enough in his time with us that it made Chelsea very aware of the talent they have. "Moses scored four goals in 23 appearances while on loan at Stoke last season and there were suggestions he could be part of a deal to take Asmir Begovic to Stamford Bridge. However, the Bosnian goalkeeper joined the Blues this week with Dutch midfielder Marco van Ginkel going to Stoke on loan, while the future of Moses was left unclear. According to Hughes, that could be because Moses has been given another opportunity to shine at the club that he joined three seasons ago from Wigan. "I think they would possibly like to keep him although if they go into the market again, they could change that idea," he said. "Victor obviously came to us last year and did exceptionally well for us.
The body of Kimberley Jones, 25, was found by a paramedic at the house in Cwmbach, Aberdare, on 9 August, 2013. Mother-of-one Ms Jones was due to move into the house the following day, but was allowed to stay the night before. Tests on the fire showed the flue was ineffective allowing smoke to leak into the room, the Aberdare inquest heard. During those tests carbon monoxide gas was at 16 times the acceptable level. Ms Jones' father, Andrew Jones, told the inquest he knew the owner of the house, Ms Linda Parfitt, as a family friend for 25 years and he arranged to buy the house from her to use as a home for his daughter. Ms Parfitt left the property at the start of the week and Mr Jones was decorating it that week. He said he stayed there for two nights to keep the house secure. His daughter, who worked as a care worker, was due to stay there on Thursday 8 August, but Mr Jones said he had woken up cold the previous morning so decided to light the fire. He told the inquest that he told his daughter to keep a window open as he did not want her to die from carbon monoxide poisoning. He said: "That will haunt me for the rest of my days. "Mr Jones said his wife called him the following morning as she could not contact their daughter. He said he went to the house but the emergency services were already there. He told the coroner he identified his daughter's body later that day. Plumbing inspector Howard Reed told the coroner the fire was dirty with a lot of soot and debris. Tests showed its window and door leaked smoke and carbon monoxide tests found that after two hours there were 829 parts per million (ppm) of the gas in the room. A domestic carbon monoxide alarm would sound at about 50 ppm and levels of between 600 and 750ppm are likely to cause fatalities, the hearing was told. Debris on the fire's throat plate, which is used to restrict airflow, was blocking the flue and Mr Reed estimated it had not been removed for "many years". The owner of the house at the time, Ms Parfitt, told the inquest that she and her ex-partner arranged for the fire to be installed. Ms Parfitt told the inquest that a vent in the living room had been there prior to moving into the house. She said that she did not inspect it and could not explain how a magazine cover found its way into the grill opening. When shown a picture of smoke coming from the fire during the inspection after Ms Jones died, Miss Parfitt told the coroner: "I've never seen smoke coming out of it like that - I'm sure about that. "The inquest has now been adjourned until later in the year.
When Google paid $3. 2bn (Â£2. 1bn) to buy Tony Fadell's start-up Nest in 2014, it got much more than just an internet-connected thermostat and smoke detector. It got the man dubbed the "the iPod's father" - the engineer/designer who sold Steve Jobs on his vision of a portable music player, and then worked alongside Jony Ive to build it, update it and then repeat the process with the iPhone. Now, the two men are set to go head-to-head.  First with wearable tech, and then later, perhaps, with competing car designs - more of which later. Tellingly, Mr Fadell reveals he recently started testing Sir Jonathan's latest product, the Apple Watch, although he was not wearing it at the time of interview. "I've had mine for about two weeks now," he says. "I think they did a tremendous job on the hardware components of it. "They are trying many different things with that platform - some are going to be great, and some are not. "When Mr Fadell agreed to sell Nest to Google, the reason he gave was that joining forces would accelerate his "thoughtful home" master plan - he hates the term "internet of things", which he says does a "disservice" to his products. But in January, it became clear that Google's chief executive, Larry Page, had wider uses for his hardware expertise, and the troubled Glass computer was added to his duties. "It wasn't handed to me and said, 'Tony clean it up,'" Mr Fadell clarifies, "I offered. ""I remember what it was like when we did the iPod and the iPhone.  I think this can be that important, but it's going to take time to get it right. "The $1,500 (Â£965) "explorer edition" of Glass was soon pulled from sale, and Mr Fadell made clear that future test versions would be kept in-house. That was widely seen as a shift in strategy for Google - a company that took five years to take its Gmail service out of "beta" status, and that still invites users to "play" with preview versions of other products. Moreover, it caused anger among developers who had sunk time and money into making apps for a product that no longer existed. But Mr Fadell defends the shift, saying a distinction needed to be drawn between hardware and software. "If you are only doing services based on electrons, you can iterate quickly, test it, and modify it and get it right," he says. "But when you are dealing with actual atoms - hardware - and you have to get manufacturing lines and it takes a year or more to develop that product, you better understand what it is and what it's trying to do and specifically what it's not going to do. "Customers have to spend money to buy those atoms. "They want something that delivers value or you end up with a real disappointment and you can spoil the market. "For now, that leaves Mr Fadell's reputation dependent on his Nest line-up. It is limited to three products, including the recently launched Nest Cam. The motion-detecting camera streams live footage and sound from the owner's home to an app and can save memorable moments in the cloud. If you get over the creepiness factor of effectively spying on your family, it's fair to say the device shares the crisp, stylish look of the Nest's other products, and reviews have been positive. But the camera is actually an upgrade to an earlier device made by Dropcam - a company Nest acquired. That means Mr Fadell's division has not created a new product category of its own since joining Google. Bearing in mind, Mr Page told him to "keep doing what you're doing, and do it as fast as you possibly can", it raises the question: what's taking so long?"Talk to me about the number of home product companies who have come out with three different product categories in less than five years. . .  are shipping and they are the number ones in their category," says Mr Fadell, slightly bristling. "I would love to have more, faster. "But it takes time - it really takes time to make these products to the level of design and near-perfection that we achieve. "He adds that Nest's biggest goal right now is to expand the range of third-party products its devices talk to - for example its Thermostats can switch LG fridges into energy-saving mode when no-one's in, and its Protect sensors can make Philip's Hue lights flash red if they detect smoke or carbon monoxide. But such advances have less impact than a new product. "Despite his substantial success to date and involvement in key products such as Apple iPod, Mr Fadell has arguably not yet reached the truly iconic status bestowed upon Jonathan Ive," Ben Wood, from the tech consultancy CCS Insight, says. "Given the huge amount Google invested in the acquisition of Nest to secure his services there must be an expectation that he too can deliver his own portfolio of truly disruptive devices with mass appeal. "Google still lacks a smash-hit consumer electronics device of its own - it would be sensible to assume it hopes Mr Fadell can deliver that missing element. "The two men worked together on first iPods and iPhones, but are credited with different achievements. With the iPod, Mr Fadell first convinced Steve Jobs of the wisdom of developing a portable music player and then worked out how to incorporate a hard drive - a fragile component - into a device that could be thrown about, sat on and generally abused. Jony Ive's breakthrough was his design of its thumb-wheel, which scrolled through songs more rapidly as it was spun more quickly. With the iPhone, perhaps Mr Fadell's greatest feat was finding a way to shrink the tech necessary to offer a multi-touch user interface on a handheld device. Jony Ive's skill was best summed up by one writer as making the final product look almost more like "a piece of jewellery than a gadget". In post-Jobs Apple, Sir Jonathan's influence has grown further - extending to the look of the company's operating system software, the creation of its Watch and even the design of its new headquarters. By contrast, Mr Fadell has thrived beyond - building and selling a multi-billion dollar company, reinventing mundane household devices as desirable gadgets, and becoming one of Google's key figures. This leads to thoughts about whether Mr Fadell could become involved in other Google projects. A question about working on its growing roster of robots is rebuffed on the grounds that they are still a long way from leaving the lab. But self-driving cars, he adds, are much closer to launch and a "big curiosity". "I don't think you've seen anything of what the design of the car could look like when it first materialises," he says. "How do you make those occupants feel like they are safe and make sure they are safe?"How does the car exude safety [and be] fashionable as well?"How does this 'utility' self-driving car also be a reflection of you, right, as well as itself and also be transparent about its safety?"Those are very interesting questions that still need to be dealt with. "He adds that he has "some thoughts" about the answers and is sharing them with others involved in Google's self-driving car project. "We are having discussion about them all the time," he says. "I always have ideas - it's whether or not people want to hear them. "So, nothing official yet. But it would not be a surprise if Google eventually announces Mr Fadell is adding automobile design to his list of duties. And if, as rumoured, Sir Jonathan and his team are also working on their own electric car concept, that could set up a fascinating clash between the two former colleagues in the future.
The militants, who call themselves Sinai Province, posted pictures online of what looked like a missile followed by a large explosion on the ship. Egyptian officials said a coastguard vessel caught fire after a fire-fight with militants on the shore. The army said there were no casualties, contradicting the militants' claim. The incident happened in waters off the north Sinai town of Rafah, which neighbours the Gaza Strip. The SITE Intelligence Group carried a statement and pictures from Sinai Province which it said showed a guided anti-tank missile moments before it struck the vessel, and then the moment of impact. Witnesses said they saw other naval boats rushing to the scene to rescue those on board the burning vessel. It follows a wave of attacks on the Egyptian military by Sinai Province. Earlier this month, more than 100 people - including at least 17 soldiers - were killed in clashes after militants  launched near-simultaneous raids on military checkpoints in Sheikh Zuweid and Rafah in Sinai. Analysis: BBC security correspondent Frank GardnerNot surprisingly, there is a wide gap between the two versions reporting the maritime attack off the north coast of Sinai. IS - specifically their local affiliate called "Sinai province" - claim they fired a shore-to-ship missile at the craft and support this with photos on social media showing a massive fireball that would certainly have killed many crew and possibly destroyed the whole ship. Egypt officially denies there were any casualties, saying there was a fire-fight during which a coastguard boat was set on fire. Since anyone found contradicting official casualty figures there risks a $60,000 fine, it is likely that the truth lies somewhere between the two versions. Either way, this is a worrying development for shipping in the region.  It comes just two weeks after a major battle between Egyptian forces and IS in Sinai, and it's clearly proving difficult to remove the militants and their growing arsenal from the area. Egypt has vowed to rid its Sinai Peninsula of the militants, and has had a state of emergency and a curfew in place since last October. Sinai Province was previously called Ansar Beit al-Maqdis (Champions of Jerusalem), but announced a name change in November 2014 when it pledged allegiance to IS, the militant organisation that has taken over large parts of Iraq and Syria. The group has been on the rise since the military overthrew Islamist President Mohammed Morsi in July 2013, and has killed at least 600 police and armed forces personnel since then.
International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach is urging the tour to adhere to World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) rules. The PGA Tour has a doping policy but it is not as strict as Wada standards. "I can only encourage the PGA Tour to follow and finally accept the Wada code and to be compliant with this," said Bach at St Andrews during The Open. Bach added that he wanted "a harmonised anti-doping regime there for all the golf players and. . .  a level playing field for all golfers". Asked if non-compliance might put golf's Olympic future in jeopardy, he replied: "Of course, we'd have to take this into consideration. "Neither the PGA Tour or European Tour publishes details of the number of drug tests it carries out during a year. Governing body the R&A does not publish details of how many tests it conducts at The Open Championship. Asked earlier this week for a specific figure, R&A chief executive Peter Dawson would only say that the number was significant. Golf is returning to the Olympics for the first time since 1904 at Rio next summer. The sport's ruling bodies were criticised by two-time major winner Greg Norman for not taking the threat of doping seriously enough. The International Golf Federation (IGF) will run the drug-testing programme for the Olympics, beginning 13 weeks before the Games.  It will include blood testing (at the moment there are only urine tests in golf), out of competition testing and an introduction of the whereabouts rule. All Olympic golfers - male and female - will have to inform anti-doping officials where they are going to be for one hour each day between 5am and 11pm so they can be tested. Bach added: "The athletes will have to accept the Olympic standards during the next year prior to the Games and, of course, during the Games the first five will be tested on top of the random-testing and the targeted-testing during the Olympic period. "David Howman, Wada's director general, said on Wednesday: "No sport can be complacent on the doping issue. "He added that the Wada system was the "gold standard" and the best way to ensure that "clean athletes and the watching public can have full confidence in the anti-doping system".
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Frenchman, 25, died on Friday as a result of head injuries suffered in a crash at the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix. Chilton, who raced with Bianchi at Marussia in 2013 and 2014, dominated the race at Iowa Speedway to earn his first win in any series since 2012. "I probably thought of Bianchi every five or 10 laps," said Chilton, 24. "He was a driver destined to probably be a world champion," he added. The Briton said he had learned of Bianchi's death on Friday night US time before going on to take a victory which saw him lead for 87 of the 100 laps at the 0. 894-mile oval. Chilton's win came as a surprise as he was sitting 10th out of 15 drivers in Indy Lights going into the weekend. This was Chilton's ninth race in Indy Lights, his previous best finish being third. Bianchi had been in a coma since crashing his Marussia into a recovery vehicle at October's rain-hit race in Suzuka. "It's been a difficult nine months, to be brutally honest with you,'' Chilton said.  "I've learned a lot from him and he was part of that win. 'As well as racing as Marussia team-mates for two years, the pair also competed in karting from the age of 10 before rising through the racing ranks together. The Briton tweeted yesterday: "No words can describe what his family & the sport have lost.  All I can say is it was a pleasure knowing and racing you.
When you consider it's been 34 years since Britain has got this far, beating a team as strong as France to reach the semis is a great achievement for everybody involved. Roger Federer is one of the best players to ever play the game, and it took him until last year to win the Davis Cup. He might not have played at every opportunity, but he needed Stan Wawrinka to step up his game over the last couple of years to help him get there. I think our rise through the different Davis Cup zones has been the quickest by any team but our success has still been built over a few years, and I don't think anyone in the British team has crumbled.  Everyone has produced when it matters. We've had great performances from the likes of Dan Evans and James Ward, Colin Fleming and Ross Hutchins won a bunch of doubles matches, Dom Inglot didn't get the win in Glasgow but he played a fantastic match against the Bryan brothers. I thought Jamie played a great match on Saturday; he did really, really well after I started the doubles a bit slowly. Having got this far, I'd obviously love to go on and win it, but Australia will be extremely difficult in September and everyone has to play their part again.  As I say, you can't win this event as a one-man team. One of the great things about the Davis Cup is that when you're struggling, you can call on the crowd to help you out. I was definitely worried when I was a set and a break down against Gilles Simon because I felt a little bit flat and he came out playing extremely well.  I didn't know if I was going to be able to turn that around. Thankfully, at the right time I found a little bit extra and got the momentum on my side. In the first and second matches I had really made a point of getting the crowd involved and it helped a lot, but to be honest on Sunday I didn't use the crowd quite as much, or celebrate so often, because I was so tired! I had to conserve my energy. Celebrating wildly after winning a big point is great when you're fresh, but that does also use up energy as well.  I tried as best I could to just play each point at a time, even though I was getting frustrated and emotional. The team at the side of the court is also important in helping you through tough times on court, and my fitness trainer, Matt Little, is one of the best at getting everybody going - although I don't think he likes the tag of cheerleader! He's a lot more than that. He's a passionate guy and has been part of the team for the last five or six years, and I've known him for a lot longer than that.  He's good at his job, first and foremost, but he cares about British tennis and supports the team very well. Our captain, Leon Smith, has put together a great group of guys who give everything to the cause. It's not easy playing three such big matches within three days, it is challenging and now I need to make sure I manage my body well, listen to my team and get as much rest as possible. It's been a long first seven months of the year.  I don't think I've ever played this much tennis in my life at this stage of a season and it has been tough. At different times my body has not felt great, but I've managed to make the most of it.  I don't always want to be playing something like 30 matches in 80 days though, I don't think that's great in the long term. Media playback is not supported on this deviceI don't know when I'll start hitting again but I will probably head to Washington for my next tournament in about 10 days or so.  I won't have time to go to Miami and do any preparation this year so will probably rest up for at least a week, then start training and head over to the States to get ready there. Before that, I'm going away on holiday and heading for the beach.  I don't plan on doing much, just relaxing and getting some time away from tennis to recharge. The Davis Cup crowds at Queen's Club and in Glasgow this year have been unbelievable, the sort of experiences I will never forget.  They played a huge part in both ties and the whole team are incredibly grateful for the support.  See you all in September. Andy Murray was speaking to BBC Sport's Piers Newbery.  You can follow Murray on Twitter,Facebook and Instagram.
But archaeologist Steve Clarke believes this fortified farmhouse once stood on stilts on a manmade island in an Ice Age lake 4,900 years ago. The "crannog's" timbers survived and carbon dating said they were built on Jordan Way, Monmouth, 2,917 years BC.A slab of timber was discovered when the estate was constructed in 2003. It is the second crannog discovered in Wales. But the first, at Llangorse Lake, in the Brecon Beacons, is thousands of years younger than the recent discovery. "This is very important, it was a huge lake that was here until the Iron Age," said Mr Clarke, 70. "This will tell us what was happening here in the Stone Age - we know so little about that period.
He was at last year's event, then he came to a pre-election rally here at a time when the polls said he was neck-and-neck with Ed Miliband. How things change in politics.  In marked contrast to those nervous days for the Tories, the walkabout today had the feel of a victory parade at times. With all the challenges he's got ahead of him, particularly over Europe, he may not have come to Wales at a better time. Not only was he in a constituency that was one of the Tory gains at the election, but also Labour are in a mess and he came to Wales with news of hundreds of new jobs in the valleys. The most interesting part of my interview was when I asked him whether he was directly appealing to Aston Martin to locate production of its new 4x4 model to south Wales, and he said yes. Claim creditIt's not surprising that David Cameron is calling on the car maker to make sure the work is carried out in the UK, and he did hint at that in his answer. But what will raise eyebrows is the apparent promotion of St Athan during a visit to Wales. It could be seen as a dangerous game.  Politically you can see where he's coming from. If Aston go with the Vale of Glamorgan, he can claim the credit which, I have no doubt, will deeply annoy the Welsh government which will want to claim the credit for months of hard work behind the scenes. If Aston go elsewhere, then I have no doubt that Welsh government ministers will accuse him of scuppering the deal for a few cheap headlines. Either way, the impression we've got here is that David Cameron is trying to trying to bounce the car firm into making a decision. In my experience, companies hate being told what to do by politicians, never mind on a huge call like this one. NHS spendingBut if you are going to have a politician trying to bounce one of the world's most famous car makers into a particular decision, then I suppose the argument would be that it might as well be the prime minister. Elsewhere in the interview, Mr Cameron was particularly dismissive of Carwyn Jones' claim this week that some of the Tory spending plans were nigh on impossible to achieve. He responded by saying that this was a typical response from a party who warned that the world was going to end a few years ago. Instead he called on the Welsh government to offer the same protection to NHS spending in Wales as in England. Carwyn Jones has said this is something he wants to do but was unable to offer a cast-iron guarantee. And with all the concern about the electrification of the Great Western mainline, he reaffirmed his political commitment to the work being done all the way to Swansea, although he didn't give any guarantees that it would be completed by the target date of 2018.
Met Police barrister Richard Horwell QC said suspects Dmitry Kovtun and Andrei Lugovoi had no personal motive to kill. The Russian state "is likely to have been the sponsor of this plot" and had "reasons aplenty" for wishing him "not only harm, but death", he said. UK officials believe the two suspects poisoned Mr Litvinenko, 43, in London in 2006 but they deny any wrongdoing. Mr Litvinenko drank tea containing a fatal dose of radioactive substance polonium-210 during a meeting with Mr Kovtun and Mr Lugovoi. He died in hospital nearly three weeks later. The fact that polonium caused his death indicates there was some form of Russian state participation, Mr Horwell said in his closing remarks. He said: "The evidence suggests the only credible explanation is that in one form or another the Russian state was involved in Mr Litvinenko's murder. "However, he stressed this did not mean Russian President Vladimir Putin was involved or gave the order and that there were many possible motives for the murder. Defecting to the UK in 2000, after accusing KGB successor the FSB of murdering political opponents and of corruption, could have been seen as "akin to treachery", he said. He also spoke of Mr Litvinenko's "many personal attacks on Putin". Mr Horwell has said the risk to the general public in London from polonium radiation will never be known, and also that Mr Litvinenko had been poisoned twice in the run-up to his death. He said: "The two attacks on Mr Litvinenko were an outrage.  They led to great suffering on his part and eventually to his demise. "We will never know how dangerous the exposure of polonium to the public at large will be and what long-term effects will be visited upon Londoners. "Mr Horwell said the suspects left a "trail of polonium" behind and they had "no credible answer" to the scientific evidence against them. While the force wanted them tried for murder, this was now unlikely to happen, the inquiry heard. Attempts to extradite the two men have failed and they remain in Russia. Former Soviet army officer Mr Kovtun has been criticised by inquiry chairman Sir Robert Owen for failing to give evidence to the hearing. The inquiry was adjourned until Friday.
Robbie Neilson's side will unfurl the Championship flag on Sunday before taking on St Johnstone in their first game back in the top flight. "There's real anticipation this year," Doncaster told BBC Radio Scotland. "It's good for the profile of the top tier to have the very biggest city clubs back. "Neilson has said a top-six finish would represent success for the Edinburgh club this season. Doncaster believes the exciting drama of last season augurs well for the new campaign. "After such an exciting end to last season: we had Aberdeen pushing Celtic close at the top and we had an incredible battle at the bottom of the Premiership with the top of the Championship in the play-offs; absolutely endorsing the decision the clubs made a couple of years ago to create them," he said. "With Hearts returning to the top tier, you've still got Rangers and Hibernian in the Championship and I'm sure there'll be as much tension in the Championship this year as there was last. "Who knows where Hearts will be this year?"The league never gets to choose the clubs that appear at any level of the game.  Last year was incredible to have Hearts, Hibernian and Rangers - three huge clubs - in the second tier. "We welcome Hearts back this year and a lot of people will be looking to see how Robbie Neilson gets on. "Doncaster also responded to reports that the SPFL has been inundated by complaints that all 10 in League Two clubs will be worse off as a result of corporate hospitality and advertising requirements in the ruling body's new £2m sponsorship agreement with Ladbrokes. "I read that I was inundated with complaints which seemed a bit hyperbolic," he said. "I had two clubs who emailed me with some queries on the deal.  There is a concern about the distribution model and the way in which the sponsorship revenue is divvied up. "But the reality is that if you look at broadcasting revenue, that gets divvied up amongst all 42 clubs and League Two clubs don't put anything into that deal. "So, I think it's a fair distribution model and has delivered more money for clubs than under the old split league system - with the SFL operating independently of the SPL - I think the vast majority of clubs are delighted with the way the merger has panned out and the way the SPFL is operating. "The overall response I've had from the majority of clubs has been overwhelmingly positive.
Mullah Mansour was named as the new leader on Thursday, after the death of former head Mullah Omar was confirmed. But a Taliban spokesman told the BBC he had not been appointed "by all Taliban", going against Sharia law. The audio message said fighters should unite as "division in our ranks will only please our enemies". It also said that the Taliban would "continue our jihad until we bring an Islamic rule in the country". The 30-minute recording - in which a crying baby is heard at some points - was released to journalists by Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid on Saturday. The first public message from the Afghan Taliban's new leader, Mullah Mansour, indicates that his way of doing things will be different from that of his reclusive predecessor, Mullah Omar, who relied on issuing written statements. The recording is of a speech that he made to a gathering of apparently dozens of his supporters, after his appointment on Thursday. Faced with opposition to his selection from several high-ranking Taliban, the new leader is now focused on consolidating his power and establishing his authority. The speech repeatedly calls for unity and is primarily aimed at calming dissent. Mullah Mansour says that his new role is not a "kingship" but a huge responsibility. He is also trying to present himself as a tolerant, forgiving and conciliatory person whose decisions will be "based on Islamic Sharia".  There doesn't seem to be a major policy shift from the past. In his speech, he sounds relaxed and doesn't seem to be reading from notes. Taliban leaders 'not consulted'Some Taliban figures have accused pro-Pakistani circles of imposing Mullah Mansour, who is known for his support for peace talks, on them. But in the audio message, Mullah Mansour dismissed peace talks as "propaganda campaigns by the enemy". At least one Taliban faction would have preferred Mullah Omar to be succeeded by his son. Another Taliban spokesman, Mullah Abdul Manan Niazi, said those who elected Mullah Mansour had not followed the rules. "According to Islamic rule and principles, when a leader dies, a Shura (council) is called, then its leader is appointed," he added.
Jack Marriott beat two defenders before finishing to put the home side ahead, with Paul Benson adding the second with a low strike after the interval. Marriott got his second of the game after with a composed finish. Aston Villa loanee Callum Robinson pulled a goal back for City, but they lost for the second game in a row. Luton manager John Still:"We played against a good side and said before the game that they're very fluid with the 3-5-2, so we matched up and knew we were going to have to work hard early on to work out their movement. "It's very clever and you can't coach that, you've got to work it out as you go.  Once we did that, we exploited their players going forward and the first goal was a classic example of that. "Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill:"We were on top then gave away a silly goal, before Aden's (Flint) slipped for the third.  By the time that third one goes in, then it's a real uphill struggle. "We needed to get another goal very quickly after we got that first goal in order to be really pushing at the end.  We've put enough balls in the box tonight, enough balls across the face of goal, but we need to be putting those chances away.
The home side only made 162 despite a last-wicket stand of 67 between Tim Bresnan (47) and Ryan Sidebottom. Prolific Chris Rushworth (4-37) and Graham Onions (3-41) proved too much to handle for the Championship leaders. But Sidebottom (4-44) led the way as Durham were dismissed for 156 in reply, with Yorkshire 10-0 at the close. Yorkshire went into the game with a 34-point lead over Warwickshire, but soon found themselves in dire straits on 54-5. Gary Ballance's hopes of finding form after being omitted from England's Test squad came to nothing as he made six from 27 balls before being caught at slip off Onions. Glenn Maxwell's 36 was the only score of any note before Bresnan and Sidebottom came together at 95-9. Bresnan was eventually bowled by Paul Harrison, but then struck the first blow in Durham's reply when Graham Clark gave a catch to point. With Paul Collingwood absent because of a back problem, acting skipper Mark Stoneman was caught hooking at long leg and 18-year-old debutant Jack Burnham was bowled by Liam Plunkett for a four-ball duck. Durham's decline continued, with Sidebottom taking three of the last four wickets, including Ryan Pringle for 40, as their innings lasted just two balls longer than Yorkshire's. Umpires Nick Cook and Jeremy Lloyds confirmed after the match that they were happy with the way the pitch had played and would not call in a pitch liaison officer. Yorkshire bowler Ryan Sidebottom:"It was certainly a bizarre day's cricket and I don't think I have played in one on day one like that before. "I thought we batted pretty poorly in the morning with some poor shot selection but they also bowled well.  What a fightback it was by our boys who needed to get us back into the game and now the momentum is in our favour but Durham are still a good side. "It was a good wicket with carry and bounce but if you put the ball in the right areas at Scarborough you are always in the game although this was still a bizarre day.
The 31-year-old, who began his career at Killie, returned to the Ayrshire club in 2013 and made 38 appearances last season. Samson had another year to run on his deal but had lost his starting place to summer signing Jamie MacDonald. Capped at Under-21 level, he has been involved in the Scotland squad before but never selected to play.
The couple married in the 28-year-old tennis star's hometown of Dunblane in April. It is understood that Kim, 27, has recently had her 12-week scan, with the baby due in February. Murray's mother Judy recently told a magazine that she was "really looking forward to being a granny". Murray enjoyed a strong run of form after marrying his long-term girlfriend in front of family and friends at Dunblane Cathedral on 11 April. He reached the semi-finals of the French Open and Wimbledon, and won his first titles on clay. Speaking to Sky Sports earlier this year, he said: "It (marriage) has been nice and a lot of people have spoken about the honeymoon period. "But we've been together a very long time and getting married was the next step. "Murray fans were quick to congratulate the couple after news of the pregnancy was reported, tweeting him their best wishes.
Individual world champion James Guy swam a superb final leg after Dan Wallace, Robbie Renwick and Calum Jarvis had put Britain in contention. The US were led off by swimming great Ryan Lochte but could not hold on. "They've always been the best 4x200m team in the world but we really stepped our game up tonight," said Wallace. "It always makes you confident to have the world champion anchoring your relay but I think we set him up pretty well and it was a great race. "Britain clocked a time of seven minutes 4. 33 seconds to claim the nation's first ever men's relay gold at a World Championships, with the US and Australia completing the podium. The US had won the event, which will be part of the Olympic programme in Rio next year, at the last five World Championships. Guy, 19, won the individual title on Tuesday and took the British quartet from third to first on the final leg of the relay. "The way things have been going in racing and training, the work is paying off," said Guy.  "The personal bests are finally dropping down. "Britain now stand third in the overall medals table behind the United States and Australia with five gold, one silver and two bronze medals after six of eight days in Kazan. In Friday's other events, Andrew Willis finished fourth in the men's 200m breaststroke but Lizzie Simmonds failed to progress in the 200m backstroke. Ben Proud and Fran Halsall qualified for Saturday's 50m freestyle and butterfly finals respectively.
Ethan McKen, 24, was at the Black Sea resort of Sunny Beach, near Burgas, when he and a friend were hit by a wave, earlier on Saturday. Mr McKen was unable to get back to shore and his friends were unable to reach him, a family member said. Travel agent Thomas Cook is working with local authorities to find him.  The UK Foreign Office has been made aware of the incident. Its spokesman said it was providing consular assistance to the family of a British man. A spokesman from Club 18-30, which is owned by Thomas Cook, confirmed one of its customers staying at its Sunny Beach resort went missing earlier on Saturday. A second person is safe and recovering in a local medical centre. He said: "We are liaising closely with the British Embassy and the local authorities as the search effort continues, and can confirm that the local police are stopping anyone entering the water at present while this continues. "Club 18-30's parent company Thomas Cook is liaising closely with the missing person's family in the UK, and are arranging for relatives to travel to Bulgaria at the first available opportunity.
Of the 38 people who were killed in the incident, 33 were on Tui holidays. Announcing its third quarter results, the firm, which owns Thomson and First Choice Travel, said the attack and subsequent warnings about travel to Tunisia would cost it about £20m this year. Tui is also worried about the effect of migrants on its Greek business. Since the attack in Tunisia, the Foreign Office now advises against all but essential travel to the country. "This is the most tragic event and loss of human life that I have ever had to deal with or my company and we remain deeply shocked in terms of the loss of life, those customers that were injured and all the trauma that our customers had to go through, through these terrible events," Tui Group chief executive Peter Long told the BBC."We were 100% focused on making sure that our customers were looked after and that was our number one priority. "He also said that the company was reliant on Foreign Office advice on when to resume offering holidays in Tunisia. The company said that in the three months to the end of June the attack had caused repatriation and cancellation costs of about €10m ($11m; £7m). Tui also said it had been hit by the continued economic turmoil in Greece, which made withdrawing cash from banks more difficult. Mr Long said he thought it was time for other European governments to help Greece deal with migrants arriving at Greek islands, especially from Syria. "We know that tourism for Greece is so important, their economy is fragile and what we don't want to see [is] a deteriorating demand from our customers going to the Greek islands. "However, Tui said that business had been resilient and that summer bookings were still ahead of last year's level. The company reported a group profit of €49. 4m for the quarter, compared with a loss of €5. 6m in the same period last year. Tourism is one of Greece's most important industries, worth about £20bn a year to the country.  More than 650,000 people are employed in the holiday sector and more than 22 million people travel to Greece every year from around the world. In its third quarter results, Tui said that the economic turmoil of the debt crisis had affected demand for Greek holidays, especially from Germany.   A developing issue around immigration could pose a fresh threat to the sector. "I worry about the publicity putting people off going to the Greek islands," Mr Long said. "Therefore I hope the Greeks are able to process [the migrants] and I'm sure other European governments will look at ways of helping them through this difficult situation with so many migrants arriving at the same time.
The trees swayed, the rain battered the domed roof of the headquarters building and, given the lecture he'd just delivered to African leaders from their own pulpit, it might well have been the ghosts of dictators past rattling the rafters. He talked about democracy and the "cancer of corruption," but the words which reverberated across the continent were an off-script put-down of leaders who "refuse to step aside when their terms end". The audience cheered, but not surprisingly the assembly's seats weren't filled by the continent's presidents. Instead it was the AU's commission he addressed - its secretariat. That was always the plan according to the White House. Journalists and commentators had been salivating at the prospect of America's first black president meeting Africa's oldest. Robert Mugabe, who's 91, is the AU chairman, and the speech would have rattled the rafters from the inside if the heads of state had been present. "I love my work, but under our constitution I can't run again," President Obama said. "I actually think I'm a pretty good president - I think if I ran again I could win. "That's probably not true - given he's only half as popular back in the US as he is in Kenya, the first stop on a trip hailed as a homecoming. "I don't understand why people want to stay so long, especially when they've got a lot of money," he mocked, to the loudest cheer of the day. Third-termism is catching.  It's already made a comeback in Burundi, caused a government to collapse in Burkina Faso, and appears on the cards in Rwanda, the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Republic of the Congo. And the three elder statesmen of the AU have racked up a hundred years in power between them. Presidents Teodoro Obiang of Equatorial Guinea (36), Mugabe of Zimbabwe (35), and Paul Biya of Cameroon (33) are the longest standing of those leaders on the continent who aren't so keen on giving up the trappings of office. "Sometimes you will hear a leader say 'I'm the only person who can keep the nation together'.  If that's true that leader has failed to truly build the nation," President Obama said in the last speech of his Africa trip, and arguably his best. He emphasised the defining themes of his visit - the significance of security, particularly the fight against extremism; trade replacing aid; the importance of youth and women, human rights and democracy; and the battle against corruption. They were points you could tick off from every speech from his very first in Kenya, where he opened the Global Entrepreneurship Summit emphasising trade and promising investment. With him on the trip were American businessmen and at least one billionaire. He made sure to visit successful start-up companies, among them one developing a solar lighting system to bring power to the remotest of villages. Power Africa is one of his headline programmes, but has so far failed to achieve much. Big slow-burning fuses in infrastructure, agriculture, trade and young leadership are what he's staking his legacy on. Presidents Clinton and Bush ploughed huge sums into Africa to tackle Aids and malaria - massive health challenges that needed the dollars. China is now the largest single investor in Africa and spares the AU a lecture, but President Obama hopes he can create long-lasting change - providing "not the fish, but the fishing rod" as he put it. His supporters say his African legacy may take time to build, but will bear fruit, and it's obvious he's keen to spend more time on the continent once he's left office. "I'll be honest with you," he told the AU. "I'm looking forward to life after being the president.  I won't have this big security detail all the timeâ€¦ and I can visit Africa more often. "Coming to Kenya while president was an important part of plotting out that future. He bounded down the stairs from Air Force One in Nairobi, and the video clips of him dancing at the State Dinner showed the passion he has for his "ancestral home". And it was great PR for Kenya. Terror attacks have hit the country's reputation hard and the first ever visit by a sitting American president did a great deal to improve that global image. There was real Obama-mania on the streets of Nairobi, despite the high security and grumbling over road closures. And he didn't pull his punches there either - publicly clashing with President Uhuru Kenyatta over gay rights. President Obama's renewed engagement with Africa began late in his presidency, by gathering the continent's leaders in Washington last year, amid accusations he was playing catch-up with China. America's commitment to resolving the crisis in South Sudan looks unlikely to succeed in the short term as it becomes increasingly complicated and difficult to undo. But it's the long game where President Obama, "Kenya's first American president" as he called himself, will best be judged.
The Parkhead side have agreed a fee with Hibernian for midfielder Allan, who is a boyhood Rangers fan. BBC Scotland has learned that Allan would consider joining the Premiership champions. "He just looks to me a guy that could probably handle that type of situation," said Ferguson. "He's a class act in my opinion.  If he went to Celtic, I think his performance level would go up a notch.   He's got a bit of gallous-ness about him; a swagger. "What I would say is that if a big club like Celtic comes calling, I think it's a no-brainer.  You've got to take that opportunity because getting the opportunity to sign, whether it's a Rangers or Celtic - one of the bigger clubs - you don't knock it back. "Rangers have had three bids for the 23-year-old rejected, with the Edinburgh side adamant they will not do business with a Championship rival.  Allan submitted a transfer request following the second of those offers from Ibrox. Ferguson spent seven years at Rangers between 1983 and 1990 and admitted he could not have made the switch to city rivals Celtic, but recalled the time when one former Celtic player famously joined the Ibrox club. "In the era I played in, personally, no," he told BBC Radio Scotland's Sportsound programme. "I think it would take a certain type of character.  I was at Rangers when Mo Johnston signed.  I thought he was crazy.  I think Mo was one of the guys that could handle that situation. "It was amazing because I remember the times when season tickets and scarves were thrown onto the pitch.  The Rangers fans would not turn up and watch Rangers Football Club, but when Mo Johnston started banging in the goals, those empty seats started to fill up. "It's about what you do on the park at the end of the day. "Someone who has witnessed first-hand what Allan can produce on the pitch is former Hibs captain Liam Craig, who played with the ex-West Brom man at Easter Road during the 2014-15 season. Craig believes Allan has the "character" to go onto great things at Parkhead if the transfer materialises. "Could he go and play in Celtic's team? I think he could," he told BBC Radio Scotland"I think Hibs are right not to do business with Rangers.  They know how important Scott is to them and how close it's going to be between them and Rangers this season. "Probably what Hibs don't want is, come January, when there's six months left on his contract, he goes and signs a pre-contract with Rangers.  Then do you play him? Can you trust him?"So if there is the opportunity there to do business with Celtic and bring in one, maybe two players from them on loan, you're going to strengthen your squad and have a right push for the title this season. "If Scotty was to go there, it might take him a wee bit time to get in but once he gets in he's definitely got the ability to and the confidence to stay in that team every week.
The birds, which are native to southern Europe, set up nests by burrowing tunnels in the banks of Low Gelt Quarry, near Brampton. An RSPB viewpoint on the perimeter of the quarry has attracted more than 1,000 people in two weeks. The RSPB said all chicks had hatched and would fledge in the next few weeks. The pairs were discovered by a foreman, who noticed the colourful birds flying among the site's colony of nesting sand martins.  They are expected to leave the nest in about four weeks. Two pairs successfully raised chicks on the Isle of Wight last year and previously in County Durham in 2002. An RSPB spokesman said they were "delighted" the birds had bred in the UK for a second consecutive summer. Bee-eaters can burrow up to 10ft (3m) and usually lay clutches of four to nine eggs.
Daly spent two seasons at Ibrox after leaving Tannadice, where he has been training since pre-season. "I would never say never," the 32-year-old said of the possibility of signing for the Scottish Premiership club. "If they came to me and were interested, I would definitely consider it. "Daly spent six years at Tannadice and ended as club captain. "I am currently training at Dundee United," he told BBC Scotland. "When pre-season came about and I still hadn't got a club, I rang manager Jackie McNamara and asked if I could go in. "They are a good club with some fantastic young players. "I would never say never, but United would need to want me first. "The United States appears to be a possible destination for Daly. "I am probably looking further afield than Scotland," he said.  "I'm looking abroad. "At the moment, there are a few clubs interested, but they have their full forum of allocated players so they need to maybe lose one or two of them before they can move. "It is looking like January before the foreign market can come about, so I might need to get something short term until then. "Daly had no regrets about his move to Rangers, who helped the Ibrox side win Scotland's third tier before dropping to the bench for much of last season in the Championship. "I was out of contract with Dundee United and at the time they were only prepared to offer a one-year contract," he said. "When I spoke to Ally McCoist, they were prepared to offer two years. "A lot of people say you are dropping down the divisions, which is a fair point, but it is going to a club of Rangers' stature, history, fan base, playing at Ibrox every second week and training at Murray Park every day. "I was just delighted to go to a club like that and play for a man that I really respected in Ally McCoist.
In Tanzania, campaigning for the October general election began on Sunday. In Uganda, President Museveni and his National Resistance Movement are getting ready to battle it out with the opposition in the run-up to elections in 2016. While Rwandans are taking initial steps to change their constitution to increase the presidential term limit to three, across the border in Burundi President Pierre Nkurunziza is faced with dangerous tensions stirred up by his recent re-election. Here in Kenya, elections are still two years away, but it already feels like campaign season has begun. With all this election activity, it's inevitable that the five countries comprising the East African Community (EAC) - Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, Rwanda and Burundi will learn lessons from one another - both good and bad. For example, President Nkurunziza of Burundi learnt from Rwanda that it's OK to seek a third term of office if the first two were short and  sweet. But unlike Rwanda, where they're planning a national referendum on the issue, Burundi's leader forgot to ask the people if they were OK with it. Meanwhile in Uganda, President Museveni can't see what all the fuss is about. By his thinking, if the people love you, it's fine to clear away any obstacles that might prevent them from expressing that love, like for example, term limits, which were removed from Uganda's constitution a decade ago. In Tanzania, the opposition has decided to learn a big lesson from Kenya. After trying and failing many times to remove President Moi and his ruling Kanu party from power, the Kenyan opposition figured that if they rallied behind only one presidential candidate, Kanu would fall. And sure enough in 2002, all the main opposition parties threw their weight behind Mwai Kibaki, under the national rainbow coalition. Kanu came tumbling down and President Moi went into retirement. Now, it's Tanzania's turn to try the same tactic. After weeks of discussions, the main opposition parties, who adopted the umbrella name of Ukawa, have finally agreed to support only one presidential candidate. His name is Edward Lowassa, a former prime minister in the ruling CCM party. Until recently, he could still be heard singing the ruling party's praises, only to have a change of heart and join the opposition when his presidential ambitions in the CCM were frustrated. Mr Lowassa appears to have learnt survival skills from Amama Mbabazi in Uganda. Like Mr Lowasaa, Mr Mbabazi is also a former prime minister. Just as Mr Lowassa was a close ally of Tanzania's President Jakaya Kikwete, Mr Mbabazi had been the right-hand man to Uganda's President Museveni since the 1970s. And like Mr Lowassa, Mr Mbabazi was dropped as prime minister. So for both men, when their thirst for power could not be quenched within the party, they decided to seek a refreshing drink from outside. Mr Mbabazi has now said he wants to run for president as an independent candidate in the Ugandan elections, although his arrest in July while preparing to go and canvass support showed that any campaign he attempts is likely to be fraught with challenges. As its name suggests, the ruling National Resistance Movement in Uganda has a habit of resisting things.  And people. Next door in Kenya, there's lots of talk about what's going on in Rwanda. Both countries are going to the polls in 2017. One Kenyan on social media, who opposed moves to clear the way for President Kagame's third term, found himself personally rebuked  by the Rwandan leader. Kenyans rushed to defend their insulted compatriot, using the hashtag #SomeoneTellKagame to launch their rebuttals. Rwanda has welcomed Kenyan expertise in many sectors of its economy, but politics is one lesson it's not too keen to learn from its neighbour, which has had its own serious problems when it comes to running elections. So, however much East Africans are listening to one another, it seems as though there are still many who are happy to ignore their neighbours and continue doing their own thing.
City will pay an initial £28. 5m for the Argentina international, who was named in La Liga's 2014-15 team of the season and played in the Copa America final. "To be here inside a club that looks so wonderful from the outside is a dream," said the 27-year-old ex-Porto player. City manager Manuel Pellegrini said: "He's strong, he's excellent in the tackle and he's very good technically. "The Chilean added: "He is an established international for one of the best nations in world football and I have no doubt that he has the right mentality to fit into a squad where he will find many familiar faces, including Eliaquim [Mangala] and Fernando, who he played alongside in Portugal. "Former Argentina coach Diego Maradona gave Otamendi his first senior cap when he was called up for the 2010 World Cup qualifier against Panama. He was a member of the squad that qualified for the tournament in South Africa, but was dropped by coach Alejandro Sabella for the World Cup in Brazil four years later. Otamendi is City's third major summer signing following the arrival of England internationals Raheem Sterling and Fabian Delph. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Reports in France suggest the Borussia Monchengladbach winger will stand by his decision at the 2015 Nations Cup to take a break from internationals. The 27-year-old made the announcement after a quarter-final loss to Ghana. "The time has come for me to reconsider my international career in order to focus on my club," he said. Guinea coach Luis Fernandez, who only took charge of the Syli Nationale in April, has named Traore in a 23-man squad for the 6 September fixture. But veteran defender Kamil Zayatte, who has been overlooked by Fernandez, has admitted that his playing days are truly over after the latest omission. "No, it's fine.  All is well," Zayatte told French radio station RFI."It is the choice of the coach and I respect him.  It's time for me now to move on.  Good luck Syli ". Trabzonspor's Kevin Constante and Spain-based Alhassane Bangoura are also in the squad. But there is no room for Bouna Sarr, who turned down the chance to play for Guinea at the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations in Equatorial Guinea and against Swaziland in June. Tiny Swaziland stunned Guinea 2-1 in a horror debut for former France World Cup star Fernandez as qualification for the Nations Cup in Gabon began in June. Diminutive attacker Tony Tsabedze scored both goals in the Group L clash, hosted in Morocco because Guinea are banned from staging international matches following the Ebola outbreak in the country.
Jamie Robinson, a medical researcher, told the BBC's World Have Your Say programme that passengers were abandoned by the staff, who ran and locked themselves away in a service room. His experience tallies with that of French actor Jean-Hugues Anglade, who described being backed up against the metal door, and getting no response to passengers' desperate calls for help. The drama unfolded on board a high-speed train travelling from Amsterdam to Paris on Friday. Mr Robinson realised something was wrong shortly after the Thalys train went through Brussels. He saw three members of the train's staff run through his coach, carriage 11, which was the next compartment along from carriage 12, where the gunman emerged. "They said nothing.  They were a man followed by two women," he says.  "They looked scared, they didn't alert us to anything, they ran to the end of my carriage and used their key to open a service door.  Then they locked the door after them. "Carriage 11 was in the front half of the train and the locked door allowed staff access to a service area, which was off limits to passengers. Then other people started running through from carriage 12.  Some were covered in blood, others said they had seen a man with a gun shooting people. "There we were, with nowhere to go.  There were probably 20 to 30 of of us, including the French actor Jean-Hugues Anglade and his family.  We didn't know anything. "Anglade, who injured his hand as he tried to activate the train's alarm, has also spoken about members of train staff locking themselves in a private cabin, complaining that they could have led passengers to a luggage area in another part of the train. He told Paris Match (in French) "We shouted for the staff to let us in, we yelled 'open!' There was no response. "Agnes Ogier, the boss of Thalys, has said there will be an internal investigation and the staff involved will be asked to "explain their behaviour during this dramatic event". Jamie Robinson says after 10 terrifying minutes a man entered their carriage and explained there had been a man with a gun but the situation was now under control. Afterwards he learned this was Anthony Sadler, one of the American passengers who helped overpower the attacker. "The relief just exploded.  We were all in such painful shock," he recalls. After learning they were safe Jamie Robinson and other passengers in his coach remained where they were, in numb silence, until they reached Arras station where the suspect, Ayoub El-Khazzani, a 25-year-old Moroccan, was arrested. Four days on from the traumatic events, Mr Robinson still can't understand why the train staff did nothing to help the passengers.  He even believes the three staff may have jumped off the train as it slowly moved into Arras station. "They must have some responsibility, not to attack the attacker but some training to alert passengers.  There was nothing.  They got out, they saved themselves.  They locked us in that compartment. "He says he will never be able to forget the heroic actions of those who tackled the gunman. "My life was in their hands.  Whether they think it's heroic or not, they have helped so many people and we are forever indebted.  It's a phenomenal reaction and action that they have had. "Three Americans - Spencer Stone, Alek Skarlatos, Anthony Sadler - and Briton Chris Norman were presented with the Legion d'honneur at the Elysee Palace by President Francois Hollande. Two other passengers, US-born French national Mark Moogalian and an unidentified Frenchman, will receive the honour at a later date.
An "environmentally friendly" building with a cafe, gallery and shop is planned for the park near Wakefield. Peter Murray, executive of the YSP, said it would provide an "important new element" of the park's infrastructure and increase its income. Arts Council England has given £1. 7m to the park and the remainder is to come from fundraising. A planning application for a second visitor centre has been submitted to Wakefield Council and it is due for completion in late 2017. The new building has been designed to make the minimum impact on the site, YSP said. The latest project on the 500-acre estate follows the development of the main visitor centre in 2002, the underground gallery in 2006 and refurbishment of the estate chapel in 2011. The park attracted more than 400,000 visitors in 2014 the highest number since it opened in 1977, it said. The development plans were revealed as the park's latest sculpture Wave is being installed. It is part of the installation Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red that was seen at the Tower of London in 2014 where 888,246 poppies honoured every death in the British and Colonial forces of World War One.
Karen Munro regularly films and photographs the aurora near her home in Caithness but was unable to go out on Thursday because she was unwell. She set up a camera to capture footage for a time lapse of the Northern Lights through a window while she slept. Ms Munro said the footage was "burnt out" in places due to the aurora "being so strong". The display was filmed visible between 03:00 and 04:00 on Thursday. Ms Munro said: "Usually the light pollution of Scrabster Harbour drowns out the aurora, but this display was quite special. "The aurora borealis is caused by the interaction of the solar wind - a stream of charged particles escaping the Sun - and Earth's magnetic field and atmosphere. The Northern and Western isles, the Highlands and north east Scotland offer some of the best places to observe the Northern Lights at night. In February this year, a Nasa astronaut photographed the aurora borealis over Scotland from the International Space Station. Baltimore-born Terry Virts, a member of Expedition 42 to the space station, captured the image of the Northern Lights. ISS orbits between 230-286 miles (370-460km) above the Earth's surface.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceNo official announcement has yet been made by either club. As part of the deal to sell 24-year-old De Gea to Real, United were planning to bring Costa Rica keeper Keylor Navas, 28, in the opposite direction. There is no precedent for Spanish clubs being given additional time to conclude transfers as there is in England. Blame for the failure to complete the deal is already being apportioned. Reports in Spain claim United were responsible for the deal collapsing. The line is they did not get their paperwork to Spanish Football Federation headquarters until a minute after the 23:00 BST deadline. United say they have a receipt that proves they submitted the relevant documents in time. It remains to be seen whether Real will appeal to world governing body Fifa, which is responsible for sanctioning international transfers. The internet naturally had its say. . . And the tweets only intensified once stories of a technical glitch at the Madrid end began to surface. . . If Real Madrid don't appeal, or do appeal and fail to push the transfer through, he'll be back at Old Trafford competing for a place in the United starting line-up. Sergio Romero, the Argentina number one, has started all six of United's games so far this season, with Sam Johnstone on the substitutes' bench. The Red Devils still have Victor Valdes after his move to Besiktas collapsed, but he has fallen out with manager Louis van Gaal. De Gea, who has not played for United this season, must first turn his attention to international duty with Spain. They have two Euro 2016 qualifying matches to negotiate, at home to Slovakia on 5 September and in Macedonia on 8 September. They seem pretty relaxed about it all. If De Gea stays, they have a world-class keeper to call on.  If he goes, the Navas deal could still happen. Unlike Real, United have a few more hours to do their business. The transfer window may be shut in Spain, but it remains open until 18:00 BST on Tuesday for Premier League clubs. Monday was mostly about letting players leave. . . But the move that caught a lot of people by surprise involved a French teenager named Anthony Martial. It appears United are willing to pay as much as £36m to get him. A 19-year-old Monaco striker with plenty of potential.  He has even been likened to Thierry Henry. Nevertheless, £36m is a lot to pay for a teenager. According to French football journalist Philippe Auclair, the size of the transfer fee has left "people speechless in France". "He's got good technique, good skills, he's a good finisher, but he is still a raw product," added Auclair.  "We don't know how far he can go.
Peel Energy and United Utilities want to add a further 16 turbines at Scout Moor, on land between Rochdale and Rossendale. Rossendale Borough Council's development control committee gave the go-ahead for 14 of them at a meeting on Tuesday night. Councillors in Rochdale are yet to rule on plans for the remaining two. A statement from Rossendale Borough Council said their decision will now be referred to the government, which will then decide whether or not to "call-in" the decision for further debate. Scout Moor wind farm opened in 2008 with 26 existing wind turbines generating enough electricity for 40,000 homes. MW = MegawattsSource: RenewableUKHowever, opponents are concerned the expansion of the wind farm will impact negatively on the natural beauty of the area. Proposals to double the size of the site have already been scaled down after a public consultation. A joint planning application for expansion on Scout Moor and the neighbouring Rooley Moor was submitted to Rochdale and Rossendale Borough Councils. The document states "if all the proposals. . .  are consented they will result in the largest wind farm in England". Jon England of Peel Energy said: "The UK is quite a highly populated country.  Offshore is one of those areas which moves it away from communities but you are going to increase costs. "If you increase the cost of construction of these sorts of developments you are going to increase the cost to the consumer. "We've been out to the community many times.  We've done tens of consultation events.  Yes there is objection [to expansion]. "But in the scale of the population that see Scout Moor wind farm the level of objection is relatively low.
Donations have poured in to 34-year-old Paul Gallihawk's JustGiving page since he disappeared during a 750m open water swim on Saturday. He was reported missing after he failed to collect his bike at Leybourne Lakes in Kent for the cycling stage. A two-day search for Mr Gallihawk, from Maidstone, ended when rescue teams found his body in the lakes on Monday. He wrote on his JustGiving page that he was competing to raise money for King's College Hospital in London, which had looked after his father. Since his disappearance was announced, donations on the page have risen to over £12,500 - more than 4,000% of the target. Messages of condolence on the page include: "Stars shine bright, yours will shine the brightest tonight! RIP Paul.  Thoughts are with your loved ones. "The cause of Mr Gallihawk's death remains unclear but Kent Police is not treating it as suspicious. Mr Gallihawk's girlfriend, Hayley, said: "He was the most amazing and thoughtful partner.  I loved him to bits and always will. "He was incredible in every way and he always put others before himself. "In a statement, his family said: "[Paul] had such a caring nature and will be sadly missed by all the family, extended family and friends. "Paul was a brilliant son and brother to Nick - he would do anything to help anyone and would always put them first. "The triathlon event was organised by Ocean Lake Triathlon, based at Leybourne Lake Country Park, near  Larkfield, and Simon Langton School in Canterbury.
The England skipper hit a run-a-ball 92 at Headingley, with James Taylor and Ben Stokes both scoring 41. David Willey had earlier reduced Australia to 30-3 with the new ball before they recovered to post 299-7. Glenn Maxwell, who was dropped on 6 and 35, top-scored with 85 off 64 balls. The Australia all-rounder also took two stunning catches but his efforts were not enough to prevent England overhauling a score of 300 or more for only the fourth time in their one-day international history. Their previous best ODI run-chase against Australia was 270-4 at Lord's in 1997. It was England's second successive victory, after they also won at Old Trafford on Tuesday, and means the hosts can still send Australia home defeated across all formats after they won the Ashes 3-2 and the solitary Twenty20 international by five runs. Morgan anchored England's run-chase perfectly with his eighth score of 50 or more in his last nine innings. Jason Roy and Taylor had shared a first-wicket partnership of 72 off 53 balls but England's progress stalled when both were dismissed in quick succession. Morgan, however, slowly rebuilt the innings as he took 40 balls to score his first 20 runs before slowly accelerating. He hit John Hastings for a straight six which landed on the roof of the adjacent rugby stadium as he thumped eight fours and two maximums before being caught at backward point by Maxwell's stunning one-handed catch. Although Morgan appeared disappointed not to have finished the job, his brilliant innings took England to 238-5 with more than 10 overs remaining. Some big hitting from Liam Plunkett and Willey, plus a steady hand from Moeen Ali, saw England home with 10 balls to spare. Morgan is the highest scorer in the series but only just ahead of Taylor, who followed up his century at Old Trafford with a counter-attacking 41 off 42 balls. He hit eight boundaries in his innings - compared to just five in his career-best 101 in Manchester earlier this week - and displayed a different side to his game before chasing a ball down the leg side and being acrobatically caught by Matthew Wade. Taking on the fast bowlers, he was particularly strong through the off side as he cut and drove impressively to seize the early initiative back from Australia following the early loss of Alex Hales for a two-ball duck. Former England captain Michael Vaughan believes Taylor has now done enough to justify selection on the tour of the UAE to play Pakistan next month. "I think they've got to take him," said Vaughan.  "Taylor plays spin differently to many England players, using his feet well. "He hasn't faced brilliant spin in this series, but he's played it in a good fashion, and he's looked good against the quick bowlers.  He's read situations well, and that's what he'd have to do at five in Test cricket. "Willey, who will play for Yorkshire next season after deciding to leave Northants this summer, was superb with the new ball in the absence of the injured Chris Woakes and the rested Steven Finn. The left-armer started by swinging the white ball into the right-handers' pads - dismissing Joe Burns (played on) and Steve Smith (lbw) cheaply - before occasionally running it across the batsmen. That created doubt in the minds of Australia's batsmen and Aaron Finch was the next to go when he edged behind to Jonny Bairstow. Willey and Moeen were the pick of the England bowlers, with Australia failing to score a run off 50% of the latter's deliveries. However, the hosts' familiar problems at the back end of an innings resurfaced, with Australia smashing 77 off the last six overs. Both Willey and his fellow opening bowler Mark Wood bowled too full, allowing Wade and Hastings to get under the ball and plunder enough boundaries to take Australia from 215-7 in the 42nd over to 299-7 when their innings closed. It was not just Willey who impressed at Headingley, with another honorary Yorkshireman dazzling the crowd with some fantastic cricket. Maxwell, who is nicknamed The Big Show and has played for Yorkshire as an overseas player this summer, displayed some fantastic reverse-sweeps with the bat as well as also launching Adil Rashid for two huge sixes. However, he saved his show-stopping best for the end of England's run chase when he produced an incredible boundary catch to end Plunkett's entertaining late cameo. He caught the ball with both feet off the ground but, aware he was going to step over the rope, flicked the ball up with his right hand and then caught it in his left as he re-entered the playing area in front of the Western Terrace. His athletic best could not deny England though, and it is Morgan's side who have the momentum heading back to Old Trafford on Sunday.
Cleveland Police have also confirmed a 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of child abduction, following the girl's disappearance on Thursday. The girl from Teesside was found earlier, after being reported missing at 22:00 BST.The search for her involved 30 officers.
Plans were approved for Coastal Oil and Gas Limited to drill in a field at St Nicholas. The permit does not allow the company to carry out fracking - hydraulic fracturing of the land - to extract any oil or gas. Fracking is subject to a temporary ban in Wales until decision-making powers on the practice are devolved. Natural Resources Wales said it had carried out a "thorough assessment" of the company's plans before approving them, with all work including reinstatement of the land to be completed within 12 months. "It's important that any activity of this kind doesn't harm the environment, and this permit makes it clear what Coastal Oil and Gas Limited will need to do to comply with this," a spokesman said. "Once the work begins, our officers will regulate and monitor the site to ensure it complies with the conditions of the permit, to protect people and the environment. "The permit for exploratory drilling comes despite a moratorium on fracking in Wales pending devolution of responsibility for such decisions. In August, the UK government urged councils in England to speed up the process of approval for fracking projects. However, Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant said fracking technology was "unproven", and that Welsh Labour ministers preferred to look at renewable energy.
The pavilion and green from Billingham's John Whitehead Park are to form part of the 1950s town in Beamish open air museum. Once it is complete, visitors will be able to try their hand at bowls and discover stories of the popular leisure pursuit and wider community life. The Â£10. 7m 1950s development will also include an original house, shop and cinema from the era. Beamish is also seeking people's memories of the bowling pavilion, and staff will be attending an open day at the Billingham Bowling Club on Sunday. Geraldine Straker, of Beamish, said: "We'll be telling the story of life in the region's tight-knit communities, and clubs such as this played an important part. "We really want to hear people's memories of life in the 1950s, particularly any early memories of the bowling pavilion, and this will help shape the stories we share at Beamish.
Mr Abbott has said more Syrian asylum seekers would be let in but has stopped short of boosting overall refugee numbers. But members of his own party, including several state premiers, have called for more to be done for refugees. Assistant Treasurer Josh Frydenberg on Monday called for temporary housing of Syrian and Iraqi asylum seekers. Mr Frydenberg said there was a good case for a Kosovo-type solution that would see Syrian and Iraqi refugees housed in Australia, then returned home once the countries were safe. The Federal Opposition on Monday called for 10,000 additional places for refugees from the Middle East, with priority to be given to those from conflicts in Syria and Iraq. Opposition Labor leader Bill Shorten also said the government should spend an extra $A100m ($69m; Â£45. 6m) on aid for refugees. The Liberal Premier of Australia's most populous state, New South Wales, Mike Baird, on Saturday challenged Mr Abbott to do more than just stopping refugees making their way to Australia by boat. Reacting to a photo of a Syrian child refugee recently found drowned on a Turkish beach, Mr Baird said he felt "sick with overwhelming sorrow" about the situation. Mr Baird, a close colleague of Mr Abbott's, said it was a great thing that Australia was no longer seeing children drowning at sea after trying to get to Australia by boat with their families. "But stopping the boats can't be where this ends . . .  I believe we should do even more.  And we should do it now," he said, adding that he would talk to the Federal government about what could be done. Australia detains any migrants trying to reach its shores by boat, and takes them to offshore processing centres to be resettled elsewhere. Last week, the New York Times described the policy as "brutal". The lightly-populated island state of Tasmania has also said it would accept an extra 500 refugees, with Liberal Premier Will Hodgman declaring "our door's open". Australia has accepted about 4,500 people fleeing Syria's conflict, under its current commitment of 13,750 refugees for 2015. Mr Abbott has claimed Australia is "already the most generous country in the world on a per capita basis when it comes to dealing with refugees through the UNHCR". Several organisations have challenged that claim. During a press conference on Sunday, the Prime Minister spoke of how horrified he was by the image of the drowned Syrian boy. "No parent could fail to be moved by what we saw," he said. "I have asked the Immigration Minister Peter Dutton to go urgently to Geneva to talk to the UN High Commissioner for Refugees on what more Australia can do to assist on the migration crisis that is being driven by the problems in the Middle East," he said.
The Harrogate Autumn Flower Show will use specialist technology to ensure the winning fruit is of the Gigantomo variety. The giant entries must be from that strain of plant to win the Â£1,000 prize. It comes after competitors raised concerns unscrupulous growers might sneak in a rogue type of tomato. Show director Nick Smith said they wanted to be certain the winner "had the right pedigree. ""Giant veg growing is great fun and tremendously popular with our visitors, but it also has a serious side, especially with such a big prize at stake," he added. The Gigantomo class, developed for its huge red fruits, was launched in January, with the final weigh-in on Friday. Plant specialist and prize sponsors Van Meuwen said it is the product of almost two decades work by breeders in the UK and United States. Dutch specialists will test the plants to make sure the entries are what they claim to be and the winner could scoop a further Â£5,000 if the heaviest fruit sets a new world record. The Guinness record for the heaviest tomato stands at 7lb 12oz (3. 5kg).
David Haines was killed by so-called Islamic State fighters almost exactly one year ago, on 13 September 2014. His brother Mike has been travelling the country spreading a message of religious tolerance and understanding. He urged UK communities to "extend the hand of friendship" to those in need. David Haines, who grew up in Perth, was abducted while working as an aid worker in Syria, and held hostage for 18 months before a video of his murder was posted online. The 44-year-old father of two's brother Mike has since worked with charities, community groups and religious leaders across the country. He said: "Right from the day David was taken, we were aware as a family that the chances of him coming out were not good. "When he appeared in the video, we knew that it was going to end.  I thought that day was the worst day of my life. "It was devastating, it really was a terrible night. "It's one of those things, you could either let it destroy you, or carry on. "Mr Haines has met the Pope and travelled to the Middle East as he continues his brother's work to spread messages of unity, tolerance and peace. He said he had no hatred for young people radicalised by extremism, and said his brother's life "wasn't about hating". He said: "Those poor youths, the girls and boys who get twisted into going out there and given a false reality, I have no hate for them. "Those people who are behind it and planning it, it's a little bit different. "There's a part of me, when I look back at the relationship that David and I had, that could hate. "But my brother's life wasn't about hating.  Rather than hate these people, let's bring love and compassion and tolerance and understanding to those people that they are affecting. "They took my brother's life, but they are killing thousands of people in the most barbaric of ways.  My brother is just one among many. "Mr Haines said the government and communities in the UK had a "duty" to extend the hand of friendship and help those in need in countries affected by extremism. He said: "It is a measure of our humanity, how much humanity we show them.  They are in real danger, and real need. "For me, it's our duty that we do help.  As communities, as cities, as councils, we all have a role to play. "They will be coming into our communities, and what's more effective than what the British government does as an entity is the hand that we give to them in friendship. "Mr Haines is set to embark on a tour of Scotland as part of his campaign to counteract hatred and intolerance.
The new deal will see the 20-year-old striker stay at the club until 2019. Mead has netted 11 times in WSL 1 so far this season, including a hat-trick against leaders Chelsea, to help put her side in contention for the title. Despite being tipped for a first senior England call-up, she was not included in the squad to face Estonia in a Euro 2017 qualifier on 21 September. Sunderland have reportedly turned down a bid from Arsenal Ladies for Mead. "We're delighted that Beth has signed a new deal - she is one of the best young players in the country," Sunderland manager Carlton Fairweather told the club website. "Naturally, with a player like Beth, there has been interest from other top-flight clubs.  So for us to secure this signing shows exactly where we want this club to be.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceQatar's Femi Ogunode was also given the same time, but Gatlin got the nod with France's Jimmy Vicaut third in 9. 99. Briton Chijindu Ujah finished eighth in Brussels, in a time of 10. 19. American Gatlin, 33, has run personal bests for the 100m and 200m this season but finished runner-up to Usain Bolt in both events in the World Championships. The Jamaican opted to end his season rather than run in Belgium. Gatlin was also due to run in the 200m, but pulled out.  That event was won by Ogunode in an impressive 19. 97. In one of the races of the night, Dutch 2015 world champion Dafne Schippers beat Olympic champion Allyson Felix to win the 200m in 22. 12. Briton Jodie Williams was seventh in 23. 34. Williams's compatriot, Paralympic champion Jonnie Peacock, eased to victory in the T44 100m with a time of 10. 99.  Germany's Felix Streng was second in 11. 08, while world record holder Richard Browne was disqualified for a false start. There was more British interest in the 100m hurdles, with Tiffany Porter taking fourth spot in 12. 81 behind winner Dawn Harper-Nelson of the USA who clocked 12. 63.
Footage secretly filmed by France 2 TV shows Francoise Olcay selling dinghies and life jackets to migrants hoping to reach the Greek islands. The UN says 124,000 people reached Greece's shores by sea in the first seven months of 2015. Ms Olcay said the items would be bought elsewhere if she did not sell them. Admitting that she was taking part in the trade, she alleged that local Turkish authorities were also involved. She said others would have taken her place if she stopped selling supplies to the migrants. The BBC's Hugh Schofield in Paris says that while honorary consuls are not members of the diplomatic corps, the news will be a big embarrassment to the French foreign ministry. The reporter on France 2 TV who uncovered the news had been investigating where migrants in Bodrum were purchasing their supplies. His inquiries brought him to a large store, with a French flag flying outside and a sign at the entrance saying "French honorary consul". Ms Olcay confirmed she was the consul, and that she sold boats to the migrants despite knowing it could lead to disaster. She told the reporter that it was wrong but everyone was doing it. Thousands of refugees have used Bodrum as a gateway to fulfil their dream of reaching Europe. However, correspondents say the number of nightly departures appears to have slightly decreased after Turkish police stepped up patrols in the wake of the death of Alan Kurdi. The body of the three-year-old was washed up at Bodrum last week, after he drowned along with his mother, four-year-old brother and nine other Syrians as they attempted to sail to the Greek island of Kos. Images of the boy's body sparked international outrage and highlighted the dangers faced by migrants who make the crossing.
Police said the accident happened at just before 13:00 at the event in Blaxhall, north-east of Ipswich. The air ambulance service attended and the man was pronounced dead at the scene, a police spokeswoman said. She said there were "not believed to be any suspicious circumstances" surrounding the incident and a file would be prepared for the coroner. Club secretary Lyn Berwick from Woodbridge DMCC, which is based at the Blaxhall track, confirmed it was not one of their riders who had died, but said the man had been competing at the purpose-built circuit. At the time it was hosting the penultimate round of Eastern Centre Championship, with riders from across East Anglia. She said members of the club were with the deceased's family but declined to comment any further.
The three spacecraft are owned and operated by Surrey Satellite Technology Limited, which is based in Guildford. Rural, coastal and urban scenes from Argentina, Italy, and Greece are featured in the sample pictures. Surrey has leased all the time on the satellites to 21st Century Aerospace Technology Ltd of Beijing. 21AT refers to the trio as the TripleSat Constellation and will be using them primarily to survey Chinese territory. Their data will help with urban planning, working out crop yields, pollution monitoring and doing biodiversity assessments, among many other applications. The satellites see the Earth in a range of visible and infrared wavelengths. They fly as a train around the globe, with a separation between each platform of 33 minutes. And from their altitude of 651km, they can trace surface features down to one metre in a panchromatic mode (back and white), and four metres in a multispectral (colour) mode.  The swath covered by an image is 24km. The spacecraft also have the ability to swivel and look sideways, and so will often be tasked to work in unison to patch together wide mosaics, or even make stereo views of particular scenes. The rural shot of Argentina was acquired by TripleSat-1; the view of the Acropolis and Panathenaic Stadium in Athens, Greece, was captured by TripleSat-2, and the image of the Adriatic resort city of Rimini, Italy, was taken by TripleSat-3.  Look closely and you can see the neat rows of parasols on the beach. The new constellation is the most capable yet to come out of SSTL, which actually refers to the spacecraft by its own designation of DMC3Its decision to lease time on the satellites, as opposed to selling them or their data direct to 21AT, is a new way of working for the Guildford company. It just so happens that on this occasion, 100% of the time has been leased by the Beijing operator.  However, Surrey has a fourth platform that is almost built that could be leased to other users for periods of time. SSTL's founder and executive chairman, Sir Martin Sweeting, said he hoped potential customers would be impressed by the capability demonstrated in the new pictures. "The DMC3/TripleSat constellation comprises the world's highest capability-for-cost Earth observation satellites in their class, and confirms SSTL once again at the forefront of small satellite missions and innovative business models," he told BBC News. Sir Martin was speaking here in Paris at the World Satellite Business Week conference organised by Euroconsult. The DMC3/TripleSat satellites were launched in July by a PSLV-XL rocket from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in India. Jonathan.
The London Legacy Development Corporation - which manages the publicly-owned stadium - has been told to publish details of the move. London mayor Boris Johnson, who oversees the LLDC, says he is "perfectly happy" with the decision. West Ham say it will prevent them "securing the best deal for taxpayers". The club were awarded tenancy of the London 2012 stadium in 2013, and £272m has been spent to convert the site for use as a Premier League ground. West Ham have contributed £15m towards those costs, and will pay between £2m and £2. 5m a year in rent.  Last month a BBC documentary revealed that the club was having many of the running costs of the stadium paid for it by the taxpayer under the terms of the tenancy agreement. A coalition of 14 supporters' trusts from around the country submitted a Freedom of Information request to obtain that tenancy agreement and believe that the deal gives West Ham a competitive advantage. Manchester City pay council rent of about £4m a year for the Etihad Stadium, the construction of which was also initially funded by taxpayers, for the 2002 Commonwealth Games. It has been reported that Chelsea and Tottenham may have to pay between £11m and £15m a year to play at Wembley if they use the national stadium temporarily while they redevelop their grounds. West Ham have joined the LLDC in insisting that the rental deal should remain private for reasons of commercial confidentiality. Speaking at mayor's question time on Wednesday, Johnson said he is happy to have the details made public but believes that the deal remains the best available for the taxpayer. "We did not want to put anything out that would impact on our ability to negotiate future contracts," Johnson said. "But it should be a matter of public record and we should be very proud that we have got a Premier League football team in that stadium. "The stadium has been a fantastic success.  It is doing brilliantly and it is basically unlike any other Olympic Stadium around the world as it has a long-term viable future with Premier League football at the heart of the deal. "There are Olympic stadiums around the world that are totally mothballed and don't have any real activation in them.  Go to Athens, go to Beijing. "We've got nothing to hide, we've got a very good rental agreement with West Ham and it's fantastic that we will not be spending any more public money on this. "Under the terms of the deal West Ham have a 99-year deal as anchor tenants, and the LLDC says future profits will see a return to the taxpayer. A West Ham spokesman said: "West Ham United shares the mayor's view that our presence at the former Olympic Stadium guarantees it a viable and sustainable future. "Our agreement will not only return hundreds of millions of pounds to the taxpayer, but will ensure that London's Olympic Stadium will not join the long list of other former Olympic stadiums that are rotting away through lack of use. "The LLDC has stated its disappointment at the Information Commissioner's Office ruling as it believes it will damage its ability to secure the best deal for the taxpayer in future and we share those sentiments. "The club are now working with the LLDC to decide the appropriate next step.
Gerry, who died last year after a long battle with illness, was a household name who won acclaim for his unique style of radio broadcasting. He was honoured at a ceremony in Dublin on Friday night. His wife Christine accepted the award and said he would have been "so, so proud". Gerry's career with the BBC spanned almost 30 years. He began at BBC Radio Foyle in 1985, based in his home city Londonderry - or Stroke City, as he famously preferred to call it. His popular mid-morning programme, in which he shared his often distinctive take on life, was then broadcast on BBC Radio Ulster. He stopped broadcasting in 2012 due to illness. He had previously won Radio Academy awards and Royal Television Society awards and became the first Northern Ireland broadcaster to be inducted into the Radio Academy hall of fame. Inductees in the PPI hall of fame are chosen by a group of their peers in the Irish radio industry. "When I heard about this, I knew this would mean so much - it would've been what Gerry would've loved," Mrs Anderson told BBC Radio Ulster's Stephen Nolan Show. "Of all the things he's had in the past, all deserving, this would've been a biggie for him. "I'm so proud of him for that and he'll never be forgotten. "Peter Johnston, the director of BBC Northern Ireland, said Gerry had "great wit and mischief" but also brought "real wisdom and insight" to his work. "This recognition from the PPI is a fitting tribute to a true legend of our industry, something which is often said lightly but is genuinely true of Gerry.
Berahino, 22, had said he would not play under Albion chairman Jeremy Peace again after the club rejected two deadline-day offers from Tottenham. But he made his first start since at Villa, poking home a first-half strike. "It's over now.  As a club we move on and he's a very good player," Pulis said after the game. "This game was made for Saido.  He's not played a lot of football and looked tired as the game went on, but he was desperate to play and he has the quality that we want and need. "Everyone makes mistakes - in a few years' time he will look back on the situation and think he should have done better. "England Under-21s forward Berahino returned to the Baggies squad last week after a three-game absence, coming off the bench in the 0-0 draw with Southampton.
The money, from its £74m capital reserves, is the latest part of a £13m loan package to attract new airlines. Airbus will get £2. 7m for training facilities at Swansea University and Coleg Cambria in Deeside, Flintshire. While transport projects in north Wales, including Llangefni link road on Anglesey, will also get £2. 7m. The Welsh government will also set up loan funds for small businesses. Finance Minister Jane Hutt said the money would boost infrastructure priorities and deliver "real and long-term benefits for people".
From music festivals to corporate expos, trade fairs to charity auctions, we spend about £375bn a year on events worldwide - £40bn of that in the UK.It seems we gregarious humans still love to press the flesh, chat in person and see things for ourselves, despite the availability of online collaboration tools, teleconferencing and email. And technology is "transforming the meetings and events space," says Mr Aggarwal.  "It's a market ripe for automation. "Going digital has enabled organisers to send out invitations via social media, email and mobile, and provide attendees with a more integrated registration, travel and hotel booking experience. "We've seen two major changes in the space since we started [in 2006]," says Renaud Visage, co-founder of San Francisco-based Eventbrite, a tech firm that offers an events organising platform. "Social media, which is very important for marketing, and mobile, which can be used for event apps and for checking-in attendees. "The company has grown fast, processing about $3bn (£2bn) worth of tickets and powering a million events last year, says Mr Visage. Innovations include dynamic pricing for online seat reservations, depending on where they are in the venue, and the ability to sell merchandise around the event as well. One company benefiting from event technology is Children's Inn, a charity providing accommodation for kids suffering from the rarest forms of disease. Lauren Stabart, assistant director of corporate giving and special events, told the BBC: "Our service costs millions of dollars a year to run, so raising money from sponsors and ticketed events is essential for our survival. "Cvent helped set up our webpage event management platform, where people can purchase tickets and we can offer special promotions, discounts and so on. "Moving from paper-based registration to digital - checking people into events on tablets - was just so seamless and easy," she says. Organisers' guest lists are updated automatically so everyone has access to the same information on their hand-held devices. Technology is also helping to make the events more interactive, she says, with features like "social wall", which projects live tweets onto a wall for guests to read during the event. Since it was founded in 1990, the charity, based in Bethesda, Maryland, has given a temporary home to about 13,000 seriously ill children and their families. Now when you go to a big conference the prospectus and schedule is likely to be included in a dedicated app, perhaps incorporating video content of the presentations and an interactive map of the venue. A company like Eventbase, which developed apps for the 2012 London Olympics and the US South by South West (SXSW) music, film and technology festival, specialises in creating these bespoke apps. At this year's SXSW more than 1,000 iBeacons were installed around the venue.  These small devices communicated with Eventbase's smartphone app to establish visitors' exact locations. This enabled anyone who opted in to the service be found by other visitors - useful for networking and socialising. If you missed a speech because you were too busy networking or sampling the refreshments, a well-run event will upload it to the app soon after. "If I hear a great speaker I want to be able to share the recording five minutes later, not two weeks later," says Mr Aggarwal, whose company services 13,000 clients worldwide, including companies like Roche, Rolls-Royce and Yale University. "With easy access to all the presentations, the event extends beyond the weekend and the content lives longer. "Event apps and location technology also make it easier for brands to showcase their wares online as well as in the venue, and to target certain visitors with specific messages as they move around. This targeting is helped by visitors detailing their preferences and areas of interest when they register online for the event. With about 20 million events happening each year, but only 50,000 currently offering attendees an in-conference app, according to industry estimates, this a rich area for growth for tech companies. Within the venue, internet-connected devices, such as tablets and smartphones, can make for a more interactive relationship with visitors. Live polling can enliven a presentation, say, and interactive bidding at charity events using technology from the likes of iBid, can help raise more money. Bidders can see the latest bids on a large digital screen, adding to the excitement and the spirit of competition. Nowadays events also encourage tweets and social media updates from visitors which are then projected onto "social walls" around the venue.  Mr Aggarwal envisages quadcopter drones buzzing round fulfilling this function in future. And more often, attendee passes and wristbands have RFID (radio frequency identification) and NFC (near field communication) technology built in, so you can log in to interactive displays or register for offers with a simple wave or tap of your device. Mr Visage believes connected wristbands will also act as digital wallets, allowing festival goers to pay for food, drink and merchandise so they don't have to worry about losing payment cards and cash. Technology is also playing an increasingly important role in brand marketing at events, where competition for visitors' attention is fierce. Product displays are integrating voice, face and gesture activation technologies to make them more fun and interactive, says Nick Thompson, founding partner of Knit, a UK technology design company. His firm has developed Twitter-activated jukeboxes, LED light displays activated by sound and gesture, and social media integration with NFC-enabled wrist bands, amongst other digital delights. Virtual reality (VR) headsets will be the next trend at events, he believes. "At some automotive shows this year there have been more VR headsets than cars," he says. "Immersive content is going to play a huge role in how brands engage consumers in brand experiences. "Some thought digital technology would kill the live event.  Instead, it seems to have given it a new lease of life.
Mark Jones, 43, who had been in hospital since the incident on 26 July, died on Saturday. Two men have been charged with attempted murder and having a shotgun following the shooting on New Road, Mountain Ash. South Wales Police said a review of those charges would now take place. Edward Bennett, 47, from Mountain Ash, and Stephen Bennett, 52, from Pontypridd, were both remanded in custody after appearing at Cardiff Crown Court in August. Det Ch Insp Ceri Hughes said: "Our thoughts are with Mark's family who are being supported by a family liaison officer at this difficult time. "A review of charges in relation to the two men in custody will now take place.
Up to 70 personnel will join a United Nations contingent supporting African Union troops fighting al-Shabab. Up to 300 could also be deployed in South Sudan over time. The PM, who will pledge the support at the UN General Assembly summit, said the approach could help curb migrants coming to Europe. Somalia's President Hassan Sheikh Mohamoud is one of several world leaders with whom Mr Cameron will hold face-to-face talks. Al-Shabab is battling Somalia's government for control of the country. British forces deployed there will provide combat training and medical, logistical and engineering support. Who are al-Shabab?Mogadishu's Lido beach: Sun, surf and. . .  grenades?The role of those being sent to South Sudan will also include combat training as well as engineering work to strengthen vital infrastructure. Conflict between forces loyal to President Salva Kiir and his former deputy Riek Machar has forced more than 2. 2 million people from their homes in the state, which broke away from Sudan in 2011. Mr Cameron said it was important to "step up" existing British contributions. "Obviously we will want to see all the right force protection arrangements in place but we should be playing a part in this," the PM said. "The outcome in Somalia, if it's a good outcome, that's good for Britain," he added. "It means less terrorism, less migration, less piracy.  Ditto in South Sudan: if we can, as peacekeepers, help to maintain order and peace and see stable development in that country then that is going to be, again, less poverty, less migration, less issues that affect us back at home. "British troops will not be involved in combat roles, Mr Cameron said. "It's not committing troops to conflict, it's committing troops to a UN  blue-hatted peacekeeping role - as we've done many times in the past, as we will do in the future," he told the BBC."And one of the reasons we're doing it is obviously the expertise that British troops have in training, engineering, and mentoring and we're raising the standard for peacekeeping troops which has had some issues and problems in the recent past.
Ties have sharply deteriorated in recent years, and the government in Warsaw has sharply criticised Russia's conduct in Ukraine. But Mr Andreyev's interpretation of history brought relations to a new low. He told reporters his remarks had not been "sufficiently precise". The ambassador was speaking outside the Polish foreign ministry, after he was summoned over his comments on Polish TV channel TVN24 on Friday. However, his comments to Russian media later made clear that there was unlikely to be any immediate improvement in relations. "I am not retracting my remarks, I am simply making a clarification because they were misinterpreted," he said, adamant that he was referring not to the start of the war but to the catastrophe in Poland.  There had been no discussion about his possible expulsion from Poland, he added. A Polish official said that during the meeting it was noted that the envoy's remarks had been "untrue and contrary to the findings of Polish and Russian historians".  He said the Russian parliament itself had in 2010 directly blamed Soviet dictator Josef Stalin for ordering the 1940 massacre of 20,000 Polish prisoners of war at Katyn. Mr Andreyev had argued that Poland was partly responsible for what happened in September 1939, because "during the 1930s Poland repeatedly blocked the formation of a coalition against Hitler's Germany". The war erupted in September 1939 when Nazi Germany invaded Poland from the west, little over a week after the USSR and Germany signed the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact.  Soviet forces entered Poland from the east that same month, as part of the secret agreement. Mr Andreyev had also suggested that the Soviet invasion was "to ensure the safety of the USSR" and was not an aggressive act. Polish Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz pointed out at the weekend that "even children in Poland know that neither Ribbentrop nor Molotov was Polish", condemning the Nazi-Soviet carve-up of her country. The ambassador's interview on Friday was broadcast hours after Poland's ambassador to Moscow, Katarzyna Pelczynska-Nalecz, was herself summoned to the Russian foreign ministry because the graves of 57 Soviet soldiers were vandalised at a cemetery in Milejczyce in north-eastern Poland.  The vandalism was strongly condemned by the Polish government. Russia is also angry that Polish officials this month removed a brass relief of a wartime Soviet general, Ivan Chernyakhovsky, from a monument in northern Poland.
The 1962 document is said to be one of the most important contracts in popular music, marking the beginning of the band's journey to international fame. The contract had been expected to fetch up to £500,000 in a sale of other rock memorabilia. It last went under the hammer in 2008 at an auction in London when it went for £240,000. It is the only managerial contract signed by both the final line-up of the Beatles - John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr - and their manager. The contract was signed on 1 October 1962 at Epstein's office in Whitechapel, days before they released their first single, Love Me Do.  It was witnessed by Epstein's secretary, Beryl Adams. A single page from John Lennon's high school's detention book was also sold for £2,500, recording 29 occasions when he received detention at Quarry Bank High School in Allerton, Liverpool. £1. 75m Rolls Royce Phantom V belonging to John Lennon£1. 45m The piano on which John Lennon wrote Imagine£800k Handwritten lyrics for A Day in the Life£500k Drumskin on Sgt.  Pepper album coverThe lots were part of Sotheby's sale also featuring a grand piano used in almost all of Abba's studio recordings between 1973 and 1977, which did not sell. Instruments, clothing and manuscripts from the collection of Cream bassist Jack Bruce sold for between £688 for a manuscript book to £9,750 for a Warwick Fretless Thumb Bass. A powder blue Fender Stratocaster played by Eric Clapton sold for £45,000.
The Lego Movie creators Chris Miller and Phil Lord and Fox 21 TV Studios have optioned the rights to the podcast, reports Deadline. They are developing a series which will chronicle the making of the podcast as it follows a new case. The first series, a spin-off of NPR's This American Life, followed the murder of Hae Min Lee and the ex-boyfriend jailed for her death. It became a cultural phenomenon, topping the iTunes chart for several weeks and picking up a Peabody Award. Co-created and co-produced by Sarah Koenig and Julie Snyder, and hosted by Koenig, they will both act as executive producers on the forthcoming TV show. "Chris (Miller) and Phil (Lord) take an unexpected approach to telling stories and that is so appealing to us at Serial," Snyder said. "They experiment.  They don't mimic formulas.  Developing a show with them is exciting because we feel like we speak the same language, only they're smarter than us. ""From the very first week of Serial's release last fall, everyone at Fox 21 TVS was obsessed with the podcast," explained Fox 21 TV Studios president Bert Salke. "One year later, thanks to the incredible passion of Chris and Phil, who flew to New York and shared their vision with Sarah, Julie (Snyder), Alissa (Shipp) and Ira (Glass) for what the series could be, we're moving forward on this exciting project. . .we are confident we'll attract a spectacular writer and look forward to pitching it to outlets very soon. "The Serial podcast has been commissioned for two more seasons. Series two will concentrate on the story of captured US Army soldier Bowe Bergdahl, and will air in the autumn. Lord and Miller have also signed on to direct the Han Solo Star Wars movie, which is set for release in May 2018.
A Wallabies win will knock England out of the World Cup and send Wales, who beat Fiji 23-13 on Thursday, through to the quarter-finals. New Zealander Gatland said: "If we were being selfish about our own destiny Australia can do us a big favour. "But it's a bit hard for a Kiwi to be cheering Aussies, so I think I'll be quite neutral for this weekend. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceWales's win over Fiji saw them move to the top of Pool A on 13 points - four ahead of Australia and seven in front of England. Wales, England and Australia can all still qualify for the quarter-finals but only the top two in Pool A will go through. With four points for a win, one bonus point for a team that scores four or more tries in a match, and one point if you lose by seven points or fewer, the permutations are many. If England beat Australia, then the tournament hosts will be favourites as their final game on 10 October is against minnows Uruguay - both Wales and the Wallabies recorded bonus-point victories over the South American side. A bonus-point win for England would mean the match between Australia and Wales, earlier on the same day at Twickenham, would decide the other qualifier from the so-called pool of death. There is a scenario that could see Wales and England finish on the same points.  If that were to happen, Wales would go through because they won last Saturday's pool match. Should Australia lose to England and then beat Wales there is also the possibility of all three teams finishing on the same points and then points difference comes into play. The Welsh have lost their last 10 meetings with Australia, but captain Sam Warburton believes there has been little between the teams. The last five meetings between the sides have seen the Wallabies win by five points or fewer. "We take a lot of confidence from those defeats because it's been a penalty decision, or one guy coming out of the line in the last minute - really the finest margins you can probably get in Test rugby," said Warburton. "So we know that we have the makings to get a win against Australia, but I've seen some of their games recently and they are looking particularly good. "It's going to be another huge battle between England and Australia and then between us and Australia - it's going to be an exciting week.
The district council-owned building has been upgraded for the first time in more than three decades. It includes a new 33m pool, a shallow training pool, sauna and steam room. The sports hall has been revamped and a £250,000 climbing wall has been built at the Bridgefoot centre. The double Olympic gold medallist said: "It's an amazing venue for these guys so that they can learn a life skill as well as having fun. "So many pools nowadays through this whole country have been knocked down and it's incredible that they've invested the money back to make a safe place. "It is the second time Adlington has visited the centre after she opened the temporary pool provided as part of the British Gas 'Pools for Schools Programme' earlier this year. Other athletes who joined the celebrations included water polo player, Rosie Morris, who competed as the GB goalkeeper at the London Olympics in 2012. Zoe Reeve, former member of the GB Synchro Squad and triple Commonwealth Gold Medallist and three-time Olympian James Goddard also attended the event.
His lawyer Brian Webber told the AFP news agency that a decision over his early release has been referred back to the parole board. The Paralympic star was jailed for five years in 2014 for the culpable homicide of Reeva Steenkamp. He has been fighting a lengthy battle to be released early from jail. Pistorius was due to be released in August, but remained in prison after Justice Minister Michael Masutha made a last-minute intervention blocking it. The parole review board - the final recourse for parole disputes - met on Monday to decide if the star, 28, should be allowed out on house arrest. A definitive parole ruling is now unlikely to be made before the athlete in a separate legal process appeals against his conviction on 3 November in Bloemfontein. This ruling could result in him receiving a longer prison term. Mr Webber explained that the parole review board decided to refer the matter back to the original parole panel - the body accused by Mr Masutha of "prematurely" wanting to release him in August. There will not be much sympathy for Pistorius because many people felt that the judge erred by acquitting him of murder. The double amputee will have to remain behind bars because while his case joins the lengthy queue of other parole hearings that need to be heard, and there is no indication when this will happen. Legal experts say the decision by the justice minister Michael Masutha to intervene was correct in terms of the law. At the time of his intervention, Pistorius had been granted parole only six months into his five-year sentence. The law states clearly that an offender can only be considered for parole after serving one-sixth of his sentence, in this case 10 months. But because he has now served one-sixth of his sentence, he probably should be released by now. Prosecutors argue that the judge who presided over his trial did not apply the law correctly by acquitting him of murder. The judge instead found him guilty of a lesser charge of culpable homicide - equivalent to manslaughter. Reeva Steenkamp's parents are strongly against Pistorius' possible release, telling an Australian TV channel in August that the Paralympian has ruined their lives. "He killed her.  He admits he killed her.  She's dead.  Why didn't he just let her walk away? Why?" Reeva's mother June Steenkamp asked in the interview.
IS and other jihadist groups appear to be exploiting new functionality introduced by the app last month, which allows users to broadcast their messages to an unlimited number of members via their own Telegram "channel". On 26 September, just four days after Telegram trumpeted the launch of its new "Channels" tool, IS media operatives on Twitter started advertising the group's own channel dubbed Nashir, which translates as "Distributor" in English. It has already amassed more than 4,500 subscribers. Since then, IS propaganda has started appearing first via Telegram, often several minutes before being posted to Twitter. The group's claim for an attack on Saudi and Emirati forces at a hotel in the Yemeni city of Aden on Tuesday was posted first on Telegram, for example, although Twitter remains a key platform for IS to spread its message. IS appears to be hoping the Berlin-based Telegram will offer it a more stable and resilient platform for its propaganda, faced with a sustained clampdown on its Twitter presence. But Telegram itself suggests it will take down illegal material that is made publicly available via the app - including posts related to IS, according to its website. IS has not had an official presence on Twitter since July 2014, when its last branded accounts were shut down. It then experimented with a series of less well-known social media platforms, such as the privacy-focused Diaspora as well as VKontakte, Russia's largest social network, whose co-founders the Durov brothers went on to set up Telegram in 2013. But IS was soon kicked off those platforms too. Since then, Twitter has remained the group's preferred platform.  But it has been caught up in a cat-and-mouse game with the Twitter administration, which has also led to its quasi-official, non-branded accounts routinely suspended. Even before IS launched its latest propaganda channel via Telegram, there had been evidence that the group and its members were using the app. Earlier in September, IS had advertised an Iraqi mobile phone number, which people could use to get in touch with the group via the Telegram app in order to pay a ransom for two hostages being held by the group. And jihadists inspired by IS, including a British teenager convicted recently, have used the app's secure encrypted messaging to conduct attack planning. Jihadists have been drawn by Telegram's boast to provide a "secret chat" facility, which heavily encrypts messages user-to-user with a unique key to avoid interception by hackers or government agencies. Telegram is so confident of its security that it twice offered a $300,000 reward to the first person who could crack its encryption. But it is the app's new public broadcast function that jihadists have been quick to latch on to and it is not just IS that has started exploiting it. Al-Qaeda's Yemen branch (AQAP) launched its own Telegram "channel" on 25 September, although its material is still coming out first via Twitter, where the group has its own official accounts.  And the Libyan Ansar al-Shari'ah group created its channel the following day. A raft of other pro-IS and pro-al-Qaeda media groups have also set up shop there. BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world.  You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
The 23-year-old joined QPR from Swindon in May but he has only made three appearances for the Championship club. Mark Cooper's League One side have been hit by several injuries this season. "An injury has meant he's subsequently struggled for game time," said QPR's director of football Les Ferdinand.  "He's only away for a month.  He's still got a massive future at QPR."Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Three games were held at Newcastle United's St James' Park and a dedicated Fanzone was created at Science Central. NewcastleGateshead Initiative said hosting the event had brought a windfall to the city and hotel occupancy reached 99% on match days. Chief executive Sarah Stewart said the "memorable event" had been a "huge success" for the region. Ms Stewart said: "I think it's fair to say Rugby World Cup 2015 in Newcastle has been a huge success.  From the games themselves to the atmosphere inside the Fanzone, we've had a remarkable two weekends. "We've welcomed thousands of international visitors who have all contributed to the estimated £43m of economic impact hosting the tournament has brought to Newcastle. "I have no doubt we'll be feeling the positive effects Rugby World Cup 2015 for many years to come. "The third and final game at the stadium was held on Saturday with Scotland beating Samoa 36-33. Northumbria Police said there had been "exceptional behaviour" from all those who attended, with very few low-level arrests throughout the event. Ch Supt Steve Neill said: "I can't thank the fans, visitors and local people enough for their excellent behaviour and patience. "I am exceptionally proud to have been a part of it myself. "This is not something that happens on our doorstep every day but everyone in the region has welcomed this opportunity and reaffirmed that the North East is one of the friendliest, most vibrant and safest places to be.
An administration oversight allowed US student Sanmay Ved to buy the right to control the domain on 29 September. The oversight left him in charge of Google.com for about a minute until Google caught on and cancelled the transaction. Now Mr Ved has been given a cash reward for spotting the error, which he has decided to donate to charity. Google declined to comment on the story. Mr Ved detailed his experience in a post on the LinkedIn site saying that he had been keeping an eye on Google-related web domains for some time because he used to work at the search giant.  Mr Ved is currently an MBA student at a US college. In the early hours of 29 September he noticed a for sale sign next to the Google.com name while browsing sites on Google's own website-buying service. He used a credit card to pay the $12 (Â£8) fee to grab google.com and got emails confirming he was the owner.  Almost immediately he started getting messages intended for Google's own web administration team. This was followed by a cancellation message sent by the website buying service which said he could not take over Google.com because someone else had already registered it and his $12 payment was refunded. Now it has emerged that Mr Ved has been given a "bug bounty" by Google's security team for revealing the weakness in the domain buying system.  The internal emails Mr Ved received while in charge of google.com have been passed to this team. Mr Ved decided to give the cash to an Indian educational foundation and in response, Google doubled the reward.
Sir Bruce hosted Strictly for a decade until he stepped down last year. Last week, he was forced to pull out of presenting a BBC variety show after slipping and falling at his home. But the 87-year-old is expected to recover in time to co-host Strictly's Children In Need special, which will feature four stars from Call The Midwife, to be aired on 13 November. Actors Jenny Agutter, Laura Main, Stephen McGann and Jack Ashton will compete in the one-off contest as part of BBC One's Children In Need telethon. Children In Need will be hosted by Sir Terry Wogan, Tess Daly, Fearne Cotton, Rochelle Humes and Nick Grimshaw. The evening will also feature Harry Hill giving his own history of television, while The One Show's Matt Baker and Alex Jones will perform the lead roles in the West End version of The Rocky Horror Show. EastEnders pub The Queen Vic will host "a house band with a special guest lead vocalist" and stars including Ellie Goulding, Rod Stewart and Selena Gomez will be in the studio.
In the article on Lena Dunham's site Lenny, she said: "I'm over trying to find the 'adorable' way to state my opinion and still be likable!"She said she only found how much less she was being paid when emails from Sony Pictures were hacked last year. "I didn't get mad at Sony.  I got mad at myself.  I failed as a negotiator because I gave up early," she said. Sony's internal computer system was hacked in November.  The leaked emails started making headlines soon afterwards. One of the biggest stories involved emails from Sony boss Amy Pascal that revealed Jennifer Lawrence and Amy Adams were paid much less than their American Hustle co-stars. In her essay, The Hunger Games actress went into more detail about her reasons for not fighting for more money. "I would be lying if I didn't say there was an element of wanting to be liked that influenced my decision to close the deal without a real fight.  I didn't want to seem 'difficult' or 'spoiled'. "At the time, that seemed like a fine idea, until I saw the payroll on the Internet and realised every man I was working with definitely didn't worry about being 'difficult' or 'spoiled'. "She also opened up about how she is treated as a woman in Hollywood. "All I hear and see all day are men speaking their opinions, and I give mine in the same exact manner, and you would have thought I had said something offensive," she said. "I'm over trying to find the "adorable" way to state my opinion and still be likable!"Last week, Meryl Streep - one of Hollywood's most successful actors - spoke out about sexism in the film industry, saying that even she receives less pay than male co-stars. Streep was talking to the BBC ahead of the London premiere of her film, Suffragette, about the militant campaign in support of women's voting rights in the UK.Suffragette opened the London Film Festival which is also held a global symposium on gender in the media with Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis. At the symposium Davis called for more women on screen and more challenging female roles in TV and film. "We are unwittingly training generation after generation to see men and women as unequal," said Davis who was speaking on gender in media in London. "Surely in the 21st century we should be showing kids that boys and girls should be sharing the sandbox equally?"Earlier this year Davis launched a Hollywood film festival to both highlight the problem and showcase the work of female talent in the industry. In one hacked Sony email, actress and director Angelina Jolie was referred to as a "spoiled brat". Lawrence ended her post by saying that, after her experience, she wasn't surprised. "For some reason, I just can't picture someone saying that about a man.
The trip includes a birthday barbeque in Western Australia for the heir to the British throne, who is turning 67. The pair will also meet new Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull, once the public face of the country's republican movement. Their 12-day tour will take in 12 different towns and cities across Australia and New Zealand. Charles and Camilla arrive in the New Zealand capital Wellington on 4 November. They will then travel around Australia between 10 and 15 November, visiting Adelaide and Tanunda, Canberra, Sydney, Albany and Perth. It will be the 15th time the Prince of Wales has visited Australia. His son Prince William and his wife Kate proved a hit with Australians when they visited last year to show off their baby son.
The pharmacies say that online drug retailers are putting customers at risk by failing to follow existing rules. The government says it is in the process of drawing up guidelines to regulate online drug sales. A number of companies are selling drugs online to tap a market which is estimated to be worth $10bn (Â£65m). Although the pharmacies will be shut, customers will be able to buy emergency drugs using special telephone numbers printed on posters and newspapers. "It is going to be a 100% strike.  Approximately 800,000 chemists will be on strike,"  All India Organisation of Chemists and Druggists chief JS Shinde told AFP news agency. "Our own investigation has shown that anti-pregnancy pills, sleeping pills and steroids are being sold freely online. "Mr Shinde said 40-50% of the business of India's bricks-and-mortar sellers had been affected because of online drug sales. "We want the government to close down all illegal online pharma companies immediately. "India's health ministry said it was drawing up plans to regulate online drug sales. "A sub-committee has been constituted to look into the matter, which has so far undertaken only preliminary discussions with the stakeholders to ascertain their views," the health ministry said in a statement on Tuesday.
Riot police quelled skirmishes between rival fans behind one of the goals just before kick-off in England's 3-0 win. An English FA statement said the incidents had not taken place in the area where fans who bought tickets from the FA were located. The cases will be dealt with on Thursday, 22 October. "We would encourage the authorities to identify anybody involved in disorder and deal with them appropriately through the criminal system and with banning orders," the English FA said. "We will, of course, fully cooperate with Uefa. "When fighting broke out, local police quickly intervened to form a barrier between fans to prevent the violence escalating. Some England fans appeared to have purchased tickets for sections of the ground designated for home supporters. Lithuania's FA has also been charged by European football's governing body over breaches of ticketing rules and for having blocked stairways. BBC Radio 5 live reporter Alan Green reported he had seen missiles being thrown by fans. And BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty added there had been "a few brief skirmishes between rival fans at one end of this tiny stadium where some England fans have posted themselves near Lithuania supporters". England won 3-0 with goals from Ross Barkley and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, either side of an own goal from Lithuania keeper Giedrius Arlauskis. The victory meant Roy Hodgson's side won all 10 of their qualifying matches for next summer's European Championship in France.
Haseeb Hamayoon, 28, sent the image to friends and a co-accused branding the officer "kaffir" - non-believer - London's Woolwich Crown Court was told. Prosecutors say Mr Hamayoon, Yousaf Syed, 20, and Nadir Syed, 22, plotted an attack using a Rambo-style knife. The cousins deny all charges. The image, allegedly taken on 19 September 2014, shows the back of the officer and was apparently taken by someone in a car. Mr Hamayoon wrote: "Look at this kaffir.  Hounslow parking lot. "Nadir Syed wrote back: "How can you pray in such a place?"Mr Hamayoon replied: "You're right I'm walking out.  This kaffir cop yeh.   Looking inside every car who's in there.  I gave him a dirty look. "Mr Syed replied: "He's looking for u mate.  Mi5 sent him to keep eye on y. "The messages were exchanged on encrypted messaging service Telegram. Prosecutor Max Hill QC told the court: "You'll see on Mr Hamayoon's mobile phone two photos taken that show a police officer or PCSO walking away from the car and around a car park. "The photos are taken from the driver's seat of the car.  Those images are created on the telephone.  It's quite clear what Mr Hamayoon was writing messages about. "Two days later, IS militants issued a "fatwa" calling on followers to attack Westerners.  It implored them to: "Rig the roads with explosives for them.  Attack their bases.  Raid their homes.  Cut off their heads. "Prosecutors claim the trio plotted to carry out a terror attack in the UK.Mr Hamayoon and Nadir Syed, from Hounslow, west London and Yousaf Syed, from High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, filmed themselves stamping on a Remembrance Day poppy and were obsessed with the killing of Drummer Lee Rigby, it is claimed. The trial continues.
Pakistan seemed to be cruising to a draw before debutant Adil Rashid - who returned 0-163 in the first innings - turned the match with five wickets. Needing 99 to win, England sent out Jos Buttler and Ben Stokes in the top four. But they were eventually beaten by the fading light, finishing 25 runs short of a famous victory on 74-4. The tourists could not find the boundary frequently enough before the umpires brought the teams off, with Joe Root 33 not out. However, this was a hugely impressive performance from England and one that will fill them with confidence ahead of the second Test in Dubai, which begins on Thursday. After England concluded their innings on 598-9 in the morning, Pakistan looked assured at 113-3 shortly after tea, leading by 38 with seven second-innings wickets remaining. But the match turned when veteran batsman Younus Khan, playing in his 102nd Test match, mistimed a wild heave to give Rashid his first Test wicket - caught at point by Stokes. Rashid - whose figures in the first innings were the worst ever by a debutant - then quickly added a second victim, having Asad Shafiq caught behind for six. The door was opened for England, and Rashid and Moeen Ali barged through it as they polished off the last five wickets for 14 runs. Pakistan skipper Misbah ul-Haq - who had played with restraint for his 51 - inexplicably aimed an uncharacteristic slog at Moeen and was bowled. Moeen then removed Wahab Riaz caught behind, before Rashid claimed the final three wickets - all superbly caught at first slip by James Anderson. England sensed an unlikely victory, but their reorganised batting order could not score quickly enough as Pakistan's tactic of spin from both ends and fielders on the boundary brought them regular wickets. Makeshift opener Buttler was trapped lbw for four, Moeen and Stokes were caught on the boundary in quick succession, and Jonny Bairstow was stumped attempting a big shot. However, in truth it was mistakes earlier in the match that ultimately proved more costly as England fell just short of their first win on the subcontinent since beating India in Kolkata in 2012. In Pakistan's first innings, Ian Bell dropped Mohammad Hafeez (98) and Shafiq (107) at slip early in their innings. And Shoaib Malik, who made 245, was dismissed off a no-ball by Stuart Broad. England captain Alastair Cook, whose record-breaking 263 in the first innings was ultimately in vain, admitted England were frustrated to come so close to victory. "We'd have liked another three or four overs at the end but that's the way it goes," he said.  "I can't fault the guys for hanging in there on that wicket. "The pitch did deteriorate and spun more today which gave us hope, so it's a bit of a bittersweet finish.  We knew we had to put the pressure on Pakistan and then on the last day you never know. "We played a good game and so did Pakistan.  They were a bit sloppy today and we put them under pressure. "It was brilliant from Adil Rashid who I think got some unfair criticism after the first innings.  He's a very fine bowler. "Overall this was a vastly improved overseas display from England, who were whitewashed 3-0 on their last tour of the United Arab Emirates and have not won any of their last three away series. In contrast to their limp displays with the bat in the 2012 series against Pakistan and more recent overseas disappointments in Australia and West Indies, England's victory charge was built on a superb total of 598-9 declared in their first innings. Resuming on 569-8, England added 29 quick runs in the morning session, with Rashid out for 12 in his maiden Test innings. But the innings hinged on Cook's magnificent 263, the longest-ever innings by an Englishman, compiled over days two, three and four. England's pace bowlers also showed that they could be threatening on the dusty, spin-friendly tracks of the UAE, with Ben Stokes taking 4-57 in the first innings and Anderson also taking four wickets over the course of the match. With England's new-look opening partnership of Cook and Moeen adding 113 for the first wicket in the first innings, and the under-pressure Bell scoring a half-century at number three, England will head to Dubai knowing that many parts of their team are in good working order. Former England captain Michael Vaughan: "Many people will be watching and listening and wondering why they can't continue and I agree with them.  This goes back to last night when they came off and you wonder was there a real threat to the players then.  It shouldn't take the shine off what has been a good day from England and Adil Rashid. "Former England spinner Graeme Swann: "I am proud of the way England played.  The only way they were going to win this game was to persevere and stick it at - and they did that even though they didn't get the result in the end. "I'm really pleased for Adil Rashid and Moeen Ali who copped a load of stick in the first innings.  I don't buy into the Pakistan time-wasting because anyone in their shoes would do the same. "Richard Oelmann: Umpires had no choice with current rules - Rules need changing though.  England would have done the same as Pakistan if positions reversed. Chris Tudor: England have been 'saved by the bell' loads of times.  No-one complained when play stopped at EXACTLY 6:30pm at Cardiff in 2009. Jonathan Wilson: England robbed.  Cook out off a no ball delayed things.  Lbw in Pakistan inns not given.  England win if these called correctly. Rachel T: England will take huge heart from being within an ace of winning, having been almost written off beforehand. Flemming Jensen: Get rid of the light meter.  Also, Pakistan being allowed to meander along at an over rate of less than 12 is an utter disgrace.
Jones, 31, suffered a shin injury while on international duty with Trinidad and Tobago on Tuesday. Cardiff manager Russell Slade said there was no break and Jones will be assessed once he returns to Wales. "We're hoping he will be in on Sunday," said Slade.  "We don't know how long he'll be out for. "This is the second time in the space of two months Jones has been unavailable for Cardiff following international duty. He missed the opening four games of the season after being deemed unfit following his involvement in the Gold Cup, held in America and Canada in July. The latest set-back came in his country's goalless draw with Nicaragua in Port of Spain when he was carried off on a stretcher after 73 minutes. "It's not broken, that's the most important thing, but there is a lot of swelling there.  It will be assessed the moment he lands," said Slade. Jones' injury ends a miserable week for Slade that also saw him lose defender Bruno Ecuele Manga for at least two months to a groin injury sustained while training with Gabon. "As with Bruno, it's difficult to get the information you require," added Slade of Jones' condition. Cardiff missed the striker's presence on Saturday in a dour stalemate with Preston. Slade admitted his side were poor as they registered two efforts on target against a team that started the afternoon on the bottom of the Championship table. "I didn't think we got going until 50 or 60 minutes into the game and that can't happen," he said. "Clearly it's not something we designed or wanted.  We set out exactly what we wanted to do but we didn't do that. "It can happen away from home sometimes, but it's dangerous because when you come up against top opposition, they will punish you in those periods. "We haven't served up too many halves like that so benefit of the doubt. "We came out for the second half and looked like a team again that wanted to go on and win a football match. "Slade's mood on Saturday evening would not have been helped when one of his discarded strikers, Javi Guerra, put Rayo Vallecano in front against Barcelona in La Liga at the Nou Camp. Guerra, 33, moved to Rayo on a season-long loan in August after being told he was not in Slade's plans.
London Fire Brigade said it was called to the arena on Millennium Way, Greenwich, at about 11:15 BST.About 21 firefighters tackled the blaze, which was contained to the restaurant's extraction system. Station Manager Martin Freeman said: "It did create a lot of smoke and so security staff evacuated people from arena.  There were no injuries. "At the time Julie Price tweeted: "At O2 for Elvis exhibition but can't go in as its on fire. "The cause of the fire is not yet known.
The two sides in the decades-old conflict have been holding peace talks since 2012. The Northern Ireland delegation includes the Rev Harold Good, Sinn Fein's Paul Maskey, the DUP's Jeffrey Donaldson and the SDLP's Mark Durkan. Two representatives from South Africa's ANC will also be attending. The Northern Ireland delegation will share their experiences of the peace process, particularly the 1998 Good Friday Agreement. Last month, Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said that he had given his negotiating team instructions to resolve the outstanding issues before 23 March 2016. Since starting official peace talks in Havana in November 2012, the two sides have struck deals on land reform, political participation, illegal drugs and now transitional justice. However, none of these agreements will come into force until both sides put their signatures to the final agreement. An estimated 220,000 people have been killed in the conflict since the 1960s, and more than five million internally displaced.  About 8,000 left-wing Farc rebels continue fighting. Rev Harold Good was one of two independent witnesses, the other being Fr Alec Reid, who oversaw the decommissioning of IRA weapons, a vital part of the peace process. Mr Durkan said he was "delighted to share any insights or experiences I have had that could in any way help efforts to achieve peace in Colombia. "Trade union and human rights groups have been engaging with people here on a cross-party basis for a number of years," he added.
Yorkshire Sculpture Park said 100,000 people visited in September when the poppies were installed, compared with about 37,000 last year. The poppy arch segment, Wave, consists of 5,800 ceramic poppies falling from Cascade Bridge into the Lower Lake. Park entry on Remembrance Sunday and Armistice Day will be by ticket only. Yorkshire Sculpture Park said visitor numbers would be restricted on 8 and 11 November "to ensure a calm and contemplative experience for all". Belinda Eldridge, operations manager, said the 170% rise in visitor numbers was "phenomenal" and Yorkshire Sculpture Park was expecting its biggest ever year, with more than half a million visitors. "We feel extremely privileged to be able to bring the poppies to Yorkshire," she said. "It's safe to say tens of thousands of people are coming as a result of the poppies. "She said the sculpture had a "different feel" from any other sculpture at the park, and many people found seeing the poppies was a "calm and contemplative experience". The installation is part of a nationwide tour of poppies from the artwork Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red, which was unveiled in London in July 2014. The artwork, created by artist Paul Cummins and designer Tom Piper, marked 100 years since the start of World War One and drew more than five million visitors. The Yorkshire Regiment raised 24 Battalions served by 65,000 men, of whom 9,000 died.
The 36-year-old former assistant coach at St Mirren and Cowdenbeath has helped Michael O'Neill steer his fifth seeds to a place in the finals in France. "It makes me proud, but I'm also disappointed Scotland didn't qualify," Macphee told BBC Scotland. "We're the first team from pot five to win a group. "Macphee had an unremarkable playing career, with spells at East Fife, Forfar Athletic and Queen's Park before he embarked on a footballing scholarship in the United States. His playing career took him to Romania with Braila and Japan with Kariya before turning to management and leading Cupar Hearts to the Scottish Amateur Cup final in 2007. Macphee then worked with Danny Lennon at Cowdenbeath and St Mirren, where he helped the club win the League Cup. "That season, we made a strong start to the league then beating Celtic in the cup semi-final at Hampden was fantastic and going on to lift the Cup against Hearts," he said. Northern Ireland manager O'Neill was impressed by Macphee's performance analysis work in Paisley and soon brought him into the international set-up. "Unless you're a Barcelona, a Real Madrid, or a Manchester United, where you can quite simply have your own playing identity because you know your players are better than the opponent, there is an element there you can disregard the opponent," he said. Media playback is not supported on this device"I know from conversations with Jonny Evans, Alex Ferguson - apart from the Champions League - didn't pay any attention to the opponent. "He filled the players with belief that 'Manchester United play this way and we are better'.  At the biggest clubs in the world, you can play this way. "St Mirren are clearly not one of them and Michael learned from speaking to players and other managers about my work. "While Scotland will be watching from home next summer, Northern Ireland won their group ahead of Romania, Hungary, Greece, Finland and the Faroe Islands despite a limited group of players to pick from. Among their squad are players from the likes of Fleetwood Town and Doncaster Rovers, while seven players are currently playing in Scottish football. "I don't think it's necessarily a surprise that Michael O'Neill has managed to turn Northern Ireland around," said Macphee, who also scouted for Mexico at last year's World Cup in Brazil. "I think a lot of people don't know what he achieved with Shamrock Rovers. "He managed to win the league twice there, but the most remarkable achievement there for Michael - he took them into the Europa League. "He did that with players on 42-week contracts.  That's basically part-time footballers he's taken into the group stage. "I know from discussing with him the budget was only about £450,000, which to give you idea of scale is half that of any Scottish top-flight club. "Macphee, who runs sport tours and football academy businesses, added: "It's not a case of managing expectations. "We've already achieved something which people will see as remarkable. "The team spirit in the group of players is unbelievable. "The humility from the top players like Jonny Evans and Steven Davis, just because of the gulf in what the players earn, everybody's equal and we will keep that unity between staff and players.
The call comes after at least four people were killed in clashes between police and protesters. Pascal Tsaty Mabiala of the PanAfrican Union for Social Democracy wants to stop Sunday's vote going ahead. President Denis Sassou Nguesso has been in power since 1997. The vote is aimed at pushing through changes to the constitution such as scrapping age and two-term limits. Police fired shots and tear gas in the capital, Brazzaville, on Tuesday in a clamp down on protests against the president's bid for a third term. Texting and internet services were cut and public meetings banned ahead of the referendum, residents said. Other journalists told the BBC that most shops in Brazzaville were shut, and people were staying at home amid fears of violence. "People are demonstrating across the city.  The police are firing tear gas bombs," Tresor Nzila, head of the Congolese Observatory of Human Rights, told the Reuters news agency. "In certain places, the police have fired warning shots with live fire. "The opposition have been campaigning under the slogan "Sassoufit", a pun on the French expression for "that's enough".
The Academies Enterprise Trust (AET), which runs Weston Academy, said it made the "sad decision", due to falling pupil numbers. The 56-pupil school was classed as "inadequate" by Ofsted in March. A petition set up by parent George Metcalf, describing closing the school as a "huge waste of resources" attracted more than 500 signatures. The campaign won the backing of the National Secular Society as parents claimed the nearest alternatives were all faith schools. The school was placed in special measures following an Ofsted report in March which criticised leadership and management, pupils' behaviour, the quality of teaching and achievement of pupils. But in May the watchdog reported that teaching and leadership was improving. AET said the school had less than 40 pupils and the Department for Education had confirmed its agreement to closing the school at the end of December. Chief executive Ian Comfort said: "Closing a small school is always a very sad decision to make, and is only taken as a very last resort. "The declining numbers at Weston, however, have been making it increasingly difficult for the school to provide pupils with the quality of education they deserve.  I am sure they will all thrive in their new schools and we wish them, and the staff, every success in the future.
The Addicks dropped into the relegation zone following Tuesday's 3-0 defeat at home to Preston. The 40-year-old has been in charge at The Valley since January. "I need to worry only about the next game, how I pick the team and how I encourage the squad to bring the result on Saturday," he told BBC Radio London. Charlton have only won two of their 12 league games this term and Luzon described the defeat by Preston as "a difficult night". However the Israeli, who previously worked under Charlton owner Roland Duchatelet at Belgian side Standard Liege, says recent injury problems have hampered his team selections. "We know that we have a crisis with the injuries in the last two months," Luzon said. "This is the situation.  This is our squad.  Without a pure wide player in the eleven, it is difficult to create chances and get the result. "I hope on Saturday some of them will come back and help us to choose a normal eleven with balance.  Then we can play football.
Air accident investigators have been briefing families ahead of official publication of their final report. The police helicopter crashed onto the busy Clutha bar on 29 November 2013. An earlier interim report said the engines had shut down even though there was fuel in the reserve tank. Some relatives said the briefing had left many questions unanswered, and underlined the need for black box flight recorders to be fitted in all passenger-carrying aircraft. Following the meeting with the Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) in Glasgow on Wednesday evening, Ian O'Prey whose son Mark died in the bar, said there was "no resolution" to the tragedy. Mr O'Prey said there had been a few "heated moments" during the meeting but it "all calmed down". He said: "I don't think I'm any further forward.  The AAIB - they think it was switches that were left on - or weren't left on. "My main question to them was flight recorders -  if they had flight recorders, it would have taken us a fraction of the time it has taken us. "Personally I feel calmer than I did before I went in.  I can't keep shouting at the moon for the rest of my life although I feel I want to. "Investigators are due to hold another closed meeting with bereaved relatives on Thursday and have asked families not to discuss the detailed findings until the report's official publication on Friday. John McGarrigle, whose father John died, said he felt "let down" despite optimism ahead of AAIB meeting. Mr McGarrigle said: "All tonight has done for me is raise loads more questions.  My head is scrambled, I'm that angry. "Flight data recorders should be installed in every passenger-carrying aircraft - simple as.  If we had that, we would know a lot more. "We wouldn't know the full cause, but we would know half of the reasons at least and we would have learned from it. "Jim Morris, an aviation law expert with Irwin Mitchell Solicitors, also said the lack of a "black box" had hampered the investigation. He said: "Unfortunately, in my view, due to a lack of a requirement to fit a black box flight data recorder, we have almost more unanswered questions. "Mr Morris added: "We still do not know why fuel did not reach the engines. "The report goes into significant detail in its analysis but it is clear from what is said in the report that they can't answer all the questions. "Anne-Marie Kennedy, who was working behind the bar and was trapped in the wreckage, said she was "satisfied" with how the briefing went. She said: "It's shown me that they should have black boxes for defo, it's shown me the need for other regulation, but other than that nothing. "Until I speak to my legal team I can only speculate. "I'm satisfied with the way the night went.  I believe that the AAIB has done everything in their power. "The guy explained the investigation, the complexity and the length of time.  They did all they could. "Find out moreThe Police Scotland Eurocopter EC 135, operated by Bond Air Services, came down on to the roof of the Clutha Bar at about 22:25 on a busy Friday night. The helicopter crew who were killed were pilot David Traill, PC Tony Collins and PC Kirsty Nelis. The seven customers in the Clutha who died were John McGarrigle, Mark O'Prey, Gary Arthur, Colin Gibson, Robert Jenkins, Samuel McGhee and Joe Cusker. The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) issued an interim report last year which said that both engines on the helicopter "flamed out" due to a fuel supply problem. The report, however, did not set out the cause.
More than 130 owners have reported overheating problems behind the glove-box area, some of which have resulted in fires. Vauxhall is investigating the problem, but has not yet issued a full recall. The affected model is the Zafira B. It is thought that 280,000 of them are currently on the road in the UK.The alarm was raised by three different women, who say their cars burst into flames. Among them was Sue Freemantle, from Devon, who had four children in her Zafira when a fire began behind the dashboard. Claire Wheatley also from Devon, had to evacuate her car along with her husband when a similar incident occurred. They and others have posted pictures of the fires on Facebook. Vauxhall has already examined 20 such cars which have been burned out, and has summoned engineers from Germany to investigate. In a statement, it said it thought the heating and ventilation system was to blame. It said previous repairs may have been carried out improperly, or in some cases, non-genuine parts may have caused the fires. The affected models have manual air-conditioning, as pictured above. Owners who have electronic climate control have not reported any problems. The cars, all right-hand drive, were built between 2005 and 2014. Anyone who has concerns about their vehicle is being asked to contact their dealer.
They have been the biggest student protests to hit the country since apartheid ended in 1994. The students had rejected an earlier government offer to cap increases at 6%, down from the 10% to 12% proposed by the management of universities. Mr Zuma announced the move as students gathered by his office in the capital. Before he spoke in a TV address, police had been using stun grenades and water cannon to stop a group of students breaking into the Union Buildings, the seat of government in Pretoria. The demonstrations have closed some of the country's top universities. "We agreed that there will be a zero increase of university fees in 2016," Mr Zuma said after meeting university officials and student representatives. "In the long term, there is a package of issues that was raised at the meeting that needs to be followed up - these include free education, institutional autonomy [and] racism. "Analysis: Milton Nkosi, BBC News, PretoriaPresident Zuma's agreement to freeze all university increases to meet the demands of the #FeesMustFall campaign will be welcomed by those who have been at the forefront of this student movement, unprecedented since the end of apartheid. But the decision could have been taken much earlier.  The protests have been going on for a little over a week.  If it had been, we could have avoided the stun grenades and tear gas, which were fired at student protesters here at the Union Buildings. The protests have cut across South Africa's deep political divide: Black and white, rich and poor stood side by side.  No political parties were involved.  This is taking the country in a new direction of organic, popular protest, likely to play into next year's local government elections. The hashtag #FeesHaveFallen is now trending across the country, but I doubt this will be the end of the problems facing South Africa's students. There were chaotic scenes at the Union Buildings following the president's speech, with some students angry that Mr Zuma had chosen to make the address on national TV, rather than come out to speak to them directly. Pictures on social media showed police cars that had been damaged and one which was overturned. It is unclear how the freeze on South African university fees will be funded, Vice Chancellor of the University of Cape Town, Max Price, told the BBC after attending meeting with the president. The government said it did not know how much they would pay or where the money would come from, he added. Local media reported that police fired rubber bullets to drive protesters away from the grounds around the president's office. During the protests, universities said they needed to increase fees to maintain standards, a they had been hit by a fall by in government subsidies. Correspondents say the protests have shown the growing disillusionment with the governing African National Congress (ANC), which took power after minority rule ended in 1994, over high levels of poverty, unemployment and corruption in government. Many black students say they come from poor families, and the fee increases would rob them of the opportunity to continue studying. Financially better-off white students have also joined in, mainly to show solidarity with the black students.
Chase, who was mid-way through a four-year deal at the end of this season, was revealed as a 2016 signing by Leigh on BBC Radio Manchester, although the deal has not been formalised to date. The 29-year-old had already been granted a free transfer by Salford. He was suspended internally by the club in September pending the hearing. Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe 2011 Man of Steel, who missed the final four games of the season because of that suspension, joined the Red Devils from Castleford for 2014 and scored seven tries in 17 league games in 2015. The New Zealand-born half-back qualified for England on residential grounds in 2011 and has since gone on to win 11 caps, but has not featured since losing his place to Gareth Widdop for the 2013 World Cup semi-final defeat by the Kiwis.
Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service, which employs about 700 people, may also lose 50-60 on-call firefighters as part of the savings plan. The number of full-time crewed stations was reduced to four in a previous round of cuts - two remain in Ipswich, along with Lowestoft and Bury St Edmunds. A public consultation on Suffolk County Council's plans will now take place. Seven of the county's 47 fire engines could be scrapped and Wrentham fire station may close as part of the £1. 3m cuts. A fire engine in Sudbury, where a major fire broke out in September, could be replaced with a smaller "rapid response" vehicle. Matthew Hicks, of Suffolk County Council, said he was confident an "outstanding service" could be maintained. "Without question, this is a challenging set of proposals," he said.  "However, they have been shaped by the feedback we received during the recent pre-consultation held in the summer. "I now encourage people to respond to this full consultation so we have a wide range of views to inform our final decisions. "There has been a fall in the number of emergency calls over the last 10 years in Suffolk, in line with other authorities, from about 10,000 in 2004 to about 6,700 last year. A spokesman for the Suffolk Fire Brigades Union said they were "deeply concerned about the devastating cuts" which, they said, were "nothing but dangerous". Chairman Andy Vingoe said: "The £1. 3m saving could be avoided totally if council tax was increased by less than £1. 80 per person in Suffolk per year. "We strongly urge all residents to reply to the consultation to tell the council that we are not prepared to endure these cuts.
Rescuers managed to return three other beached whales to the sea. Fire crews sprayed the whales with seawater as local teams tried to return them to the sea. Expert Jacky Karpouzopoulos, of the Centre for Marine Mammal Research at La Rochelle, said the beaching may have followed the death of a dominant male in the pod. He told La Voix du Nord newspaper that the whales could have been one family of which the dominant male died at sea and the others followed his body to the shore. "The group was in the middle of a deep-sea migration towards the Faroe Islands to reproduce and feed," he said. Mr Karpouzopoulos described the beaching of so many whales as "exceptional". About 400 local residents went to the beach to try to help the rescue operation, La Voix du Nord reported. It said that two of the rescued whales stayed close to the shore, as if waiting for the others to be returned. The largest of the dead whales was a male more than 5m (16ft) long. Autopsies will be carried out at the University of Liege to determine the cause of death.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceAt 44 years old, Owens was the oldest of the 12 referees chosen for the World Cup, but his age will not prevent him from taking part in Japan in 2019. Selection criteria is based on performances and fitness, and Owens feels he has plenty more years in him. "My plans at the moment are quite clearly to go on until 2019," he said. "We had a meeting with the assessors and I was asked what my plans were and I said 'I'm enjoying my refereeing and as long as I keep reffing well and I'm fit enough I want to go on to 2019'. "Their response was 'great, we're glad to hear that, we'd like you to be there in 2019'. "Saturday's World Cup final at Twickenham, which New Zealand won 34-17 against Australia, was the pinnacle of Owens' 68-Test career. He became the second Welshman to oversee the final following Derek Bevan, who was in charge in 1991 when Australia edged England, also at Twickenham. South African Andre Watson is the only referee to be in charge of two finals. He was 45 on his second appearance in the 2003 final, won by England against hosts Australia. World Rugby, the game's governing body, has welcomed Owens' decision to prolong his international career, adding he had shown exceptional fitness standards during the recent tournament. Owens admits the pressure, scrutiny and physical demands on referees are higher than ever, but he insists the passion for the job remains. "I just thoroughly enjoy it and I'm going to keep on doing it as long as I can and as long as I'm good at it," he said. "When the time is right and I know the body or the mind can't take it any more because of the travelling or the pressure, or when the legs can't get there to make those big decisions, then I'll know that and I will be calling it a day when that happens. "Sections of the Australian media have criticised aspects of Owens' performance in the final, claiming he missed a forward pass in the passage of play that ended with Dan Carter kicking a penalty to stretch New Zealand's advantage to 9-3. Owens, though, says he has learned to deal with criticism, and feels his decisions on Saturday did not affect the eventual outcome. "If you can't deal with criticism as a referee you just can't do this job," he said. "There's something in you that helps you deal with that. "It doesn't make it any nicer for me to hear criticism, especially if any criticism is personal. "As long as you can look back on a game and say 'I did my best, I gave it my all' that's what counts. "Owens revealed he was hugged and thanked for a "great game" by Australia number eight David Pocock moments after the final whistle. "For someone who's just missed out on winning the Webb Ellis Trophy to come up and do that to you says a lot about the integrity of the man himself and what a wonderful sport rugby is," added Owens. The Welsh village of Gowerton will be Owens' next destination for a Swalec League Division One West match with Crymych. Two weeks later, he will be in the south of France for Toulon's European Champions Cup tie with Bath. "I could've had a weekend off this weekend - a couple of refs have taken a couple of weekends off," said Owens. "But I'd rather be out there reffing, whether it's under-12s, a schools game, youth game, a Division One West game or a World Cup final.
Northern Ireland's world number three is due to tee off with Americans Dustin Johnson and Rickie Fowler at 02:45 GMT (10:45 local time) on Thursday. The 26-year-old currently leads the Race to Dubai rankings with just three tournaments remaining. "I'm not feeling great.  I ate something a couple of nights ago and Tuesday wasn't good at all," he said. "I thought I would be better Wednesday morning, but I had a piece of toast and a couple of bits of melon for breakfast and I came here and tried to hit some balls, but even just making a couple of swings my stomach was too sore. "I just need another day of rest and hopefully I will be better tomorrow and I can play. "Four-time major winner McIlroy is the only two-time winner of the Race to Dubai - the European Tour's season-long event - having claimed titles in 2012 and 2014. He currently leads England's Danny Willett, Irishman Shane Lowry and South African Louis Oosthuizen.
On Tuesday, the firm said that it would close the Ballymena factory by 2018, with the loss of 860 jobs. The business support agency, Invest NI, has also said it will work with the company and others to help the staff. Workers have been given time off after Tuesday's announcement and are due back in the factory on Thursday. The Ballymena factory has been in operation since 1969 and is a major employer in the area. Staff, union representatives and politicians have described the planned run-down of the plant as "devastating". David Thompson from the union, Unite, said he was still waiting to hear from the Enterprise Minister, Jonathan Bell, after meeting him in July in relation to concerns around the future of the plant. In response, Mr Bell said: "I've been speaking with people that are badly affected and what they're telling me is they're not interested in 'he said, she said' nonsense. "I accept what David has said, it was a generalised meeting, we both accepted there is a major problem here, and we both accept that nothing we could have done from that meeting in July would have saved the Michelin plant.  I want to meet with David, I want to meet with Unite, I want to meet with them constructively. "Stephen Kelly, from Manufacturing Northern Ireland, said the main factor for the closure is energy costs. He said it was time for the executive to commit to a manufacturing strategy. "Michelin made it really clear, the local management have not been behind the door in telling our local assembly and others that the energy issue was something that was hurting them enormously and what we've seen yesterday, unfortunately, is too little and too late, for Michelin to secure that plant for the next 20 years," he said. Speaking in the Commons, Prime Minister David Cameron said companies deemed to be energy intensive should qualify for reductions in power bills due to his policies. He was responding to a question from the DUP MP Nigel Dodds about the role energy prices played in the closure of the Michelin plant. Mr Cameron also reminded MPs that legislation had been passed to enable Northern Ireland to set its own rate of corporation tax and that the sooner there was a political deal the sooner action could be taken to build a stronger private sector.
Meaning "to watch a large number of television programmes (especially all the shows from one series) in succession", it reflects a marked change in viewing habits, due to subscription services like Netflix. Lexicographers noticed that its usage was up 200% on 2014. Other entries include dadbod, ghosting and clean eating. Helen Newstead, Head of Language Content at Collins, said: "The rise in usage of 'binge-watch' is clearly linked to the biggest sea change in our viewing habits since the advent of the video recorder nearly 40 years ago. "It's not uncommon for viewers to binge-watch a whole season of programmes such as House of Cards or Breaking Bad in just a couple of evenings - something that, in the past, would have taken months - then discuss their binge-watching on social media. "Those partaking in binge-watching run the risk of dadbod, one of ten in the word of the year list. Referring to an untoned and slightly plump male physique, dadbod is not without its admirers, with actors like Seth Rogen and Leonardo DiCaprio fitting the purported brief. "Once again, the list of Collins' Words of the Year offers a fascinating snapshot of the ever-changing English language," said Newstead. Those words that remain popular could be included in the next print edition of the Collins English Dictionary, due in 2018.
Ian Coulter, formerly of Tughans, has been questioned under caution as part of the criminal probe into the deal. He was interviewed on Wednesday and released without charge. Mr Coulter left Tughans after a dispute over a success fee linked to the deal. Nama, a state-owned so-called 'bad bank', was set up in the Republic of Ireland to take control of property loans made by the country's banks before the financial crash in 2008. It sold all of its Northern Ireland property loans to US investment firm Cerberus in April 2014 for Â£1. 24bn. In the wake of that deal, Cerberus indirectly paid a fee of Â£7. 5m to Tughans. A large portion of that money was then moved to an Isle of Man bank account under the control Mr Coulter. The account was allegedly intended to facilitate payments to non-lawyers or deal fixers. That caused a major dispute between Mr Coulter and the other Tughans partners. The money was moved back from the Isle of Man and Mr Coulter left the firm earlier this year. Independent politician Mick Wallace made allegations about fixers' fees linked to the deal in the Irish parliament in July. The NCA, the UK's equivalent of the FBI, then began a criminal investigation into the Nama deal after allegations about payments were made in the Irish parliament in July. The Northern Ireland Assembly and the Irish parliament also launched inquiries into the loans sale.
La Gommeuse achieved the top price of $67. 5m (£45m) at Sotheby's, as part of their Impressionist & Modern Art sale on Thursday. And Van Gogh's atmospheric landscape, Paysage sous un ciel mouvemente, sold for $54m (£36m), helping to take the evening's total to $306. 7m (£203m). Simon Shaw, co-head of Impressionist and modern art worldwide, called it "a small sale that packed a real punch". He added: "Each season Picasso has the remarkable ability to surprise, and tonight was no exception, with the unusual appearance of two Blue Period works, which set new benchmarks - both in oil and on paper. "La Gommeuse, described as most the important blue period Picasso to come to the market in a generation, was painted in 1901. The portrait is of a nude unnamed woman.  Gommeuse, which translates into English as 'gummy' was a sexually charged slang word of the time for cafe-concert singers and their songs. It features a second portrait on the reverse of the canvas, which was hidden for a century until its discovery in 2000 during conservation work. The caricature of Picasso's friend Pere Manach was apparently intended as a gift for the Catalan anarchist who shared the artist's studio flat in the Boulevard de Clichy in Paris. The painting was one of 47 works on offer, with just over three-quarters finding buyers. At least two of the top 10 lots were bought by Asian private collectors, continuing a trend of recent seasons. The $306. 7m (£202m) total comfortably beat the $275m (£182m) low pre-sale estimate.  Sotheby's had tagged the high estimate at about $370m (£244. 5m). This total brings Sotheby's sales of Impressionist & Modern Art in just the past 24 hours to $575. 8m (£381m),Earlier this year, Picasso's Women of Algiers became the most expensive painting to sell at auction, going for $160m (£102. 6m) at Christie's in New York.
A fire crew had been called to an out-of-control bonfire with gas canisters in it, at a park opposite Southview on Thursday night. Seconds later, two youths were hurt when the fire flared up in their faces. The crew from Larbert gave first aid until paramedics arrived.  One youth was taken to hospital for treatment. Watch Manager Graham Cuthil said: "It's hard when your crew are being threatened and abused for trying to do their job and keep people safe. "This bonfire was clearly unsafe which was sadly proven as the two young lads received burns to their faces before we could get to work and extinguish it. "Overall, the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said it was a successful Bonfire Night with officers attending 144 fires across the east of the country. Gordon Pryde, group manager for the Stirling and Clackmannanshire area.  said: "On the whole Bonfire Night 2015 passed without significant incident. "On 5 November we received 10 calls to bonfires in the Stirling and Clackmannanshire area. "Over the weeks and months leading up to Bonfire Night we work hard with our partners and communities and we are beginning to see the positive impact of that work.  We would like to thank the public for their fantastic support. "Officers in Fife and Edinburgh said they were also pleased with the relatively low level of incidents, and said it showed that education and other preventative work was paying off.
David West junior, 45, stabbed his father, of the same name, in December 2014 as he lay drunk outside his home. Handing down the sentence, the judge acknowledged he had been bullied extensively by his father. But he said the evidence against West was "overwhelming" and his father had been vulnerable when he was killed. More on this story and news from LondonThe 70-year-old nightclub owner had made his fortune from the booze cruise trade in Belgium and France in the 1980s before moving into London's West End, buying up lapdancing clubs, restaurants, nightclubs and bars. However, by the time of the killing, the business was in financial trouble which was the cause of some tension between the two men. In mitigation, Orlando Pownall QC said West junior had been treated with "severe belittlement and contempt" by his father for 30 years, adding there was "a toxic relationship between father and son. "He told the court that West junior was truly sorry for what he had done, adding: "It was a momentary aberration born of a life experience. "The court was told that the victim's family, including West junior's mother and siblings, as well as the tycoon's business partners had all been against a trial from the start but the Crown had decided it was right to bring the evidence before a jury. A jury failed to reach a verdict on a murder charge earlier this year and today he pleaded guilty to manslaughter by reason of loss of control. Sentencing him, Nicholas Hilliard QC, said: "It was clear that you suffered verbal abuse and verbal aggression from your father for many years.
Thermal cameras detected higher temperatures in three adjacent stones at the bottom of the Great Pyramid. Officials said possible causes included the existence of empty areas inside the pyramid, internal air currents, or the use of different building materials. It comes as experts search for hidden chambers within the pyramids. The tombs of the pharaohs Khufu (Kheops), Khafre (Khephren) and Menkaure (Mycerinus) were built in the Fourth Dynasty, about 2613-2494BC.A team of architects and scientists from Egypt, France, Canada and Japan used infrared thermography to survey the pyramids during sunrise, as the sun heats the limestone structures from the outside, as well as at sunset when they cool down. In a statement, the Egyptian antiquities ministry said the experts had "concluded the existence of several thermal anomalies that were observed on all monuments during the heating-up or the cooling-down phases". "To explain such anomalies, a lot of hypotheses and possibilities could be drawn up: presence of voids behind the surface, internal air currents," it added. An "particularly impressive" anomaly was found at ground level on the eastern side of the Great Pyramid, also known as the Pyramid of Khufu, the statement said. "The first row of the pyramid's stones are all uniform, then we come here and find that there's a difference in the formation," Antiquities Minister Mamdouh al-Damati said as he showed reporters the three stones showing higher temperatures. Other thermal anomalies were detected in the upper half of the Great Pyramid. The structure will be the subject of further investigation during the Operation Scan Pyramids project, which began on 25 October and is expected to last until the end of 2016.
Susie, a 12-year-old collie and Jilly, a 10-year-old cairn terrier, were taken in by Snowdonia Animal Sanctuary after 72-year-old Jennifer Taylor was killed in a crash near Betws-Y-Coed. Sanctuary owner Anne de Berry said the dogs were moved to a "brilliant" new home on Tuesday. "They have a new mum and dad.  It's fantastic," she said. "[The new owners] had a dog which had to be put down a month ago due to old age. "One of our volunteers went to do the home check this morning and text me: 'Brilliant'.  It's a brilliant home. "The dogs' owner Mrs Taylor lived in Dolgarrog. She was the passenger on a BMW bike when it collided with a Nissan Qashqai on the A470 close to Waterloo Bridge in the town on 4 October.
The 30-year-old Scot was sent off after 20 minutes of the Exiles' 45-14 loss to Bath on Saturday. Meanwhile, Wasps prop Lorenzo Cittadini has been given a one-week ban after pleading guilty to punching Gloucester back Billy Twelvetrees on Sunday. Saracens' Jacques Burger has been given a one-week ban for bad sportsmanship.
They're also increasingly participating in a war of words over illegal immigration and how the candidates could best address the more than 11 million undocumented workers currently living in the US.Mr Cruz initiated the fight on Thursday, attacking Mr Rubio by name for his bipartisan work in the Senate to pass immigration reform in 2013. He said the Florida Senator - and other members of the "Gang of Eight" leading reform - backed legalisation that would give a pathway to citizenship for undocumented workers and blocked his attempts to offer amendments to strengthen border protection. "Talk is cheap," Mr Cruz said.  "You know where someone is based on their actions. "By scheduling happenstance, Mr Rubio and Mr Cruz were the first two speakers on Friday at the Sunshine Summit presidential forum in Orlando, Florida.  They offered a distinct contrast in styles. Mr Rubio, a gifted politician, offered a polished set-piece, delivered from behind a lectern - compelling but traditional. In contrast, Mr Cruz paced the stage with a wireless microphone.  He waved his arms as he spoke and encouraged audience interaction.  His appearance was more akin to a religious tent revival. During a news conference after his speech, Mr Rubio was asked early and often about his record on immigration and Mr Cruz's criticism. He fired back that he was "puzzled and surprised" by Mr Cruz's words, since the Texas senator was on record supporting a legal status for undocumented workers as well and that their positions aren't "dramatically different". "Everyone running for president on the Republican side in one way or another supports legalisation of some people who are here illegally," he said. Earlier in the day, Mr Cruz had told a radio interviewer that attempts by Mr Rubio to draw comparisons between their immigration views make him "laugh out loud". While he supported some legal status, his objection was to Mr Rubio's support for eventual citizenship for those who had entered the country illegally. "That's like Obama saying my position is the same as his on Obamacare," Mr Cruz said.  "That's like the Ayatollah Khamenei saying my position is the same as his on the Iranian nuclear deal.  It is laughingly, blazingly, on-its-face false. "At a rally in an evangelical church later on Friday, Mr Cruz announced an  immigration plan that would cap legal immigration and end automatic citizenship for those born on US soil. He also took another not-so-veiled swipe at Mr Rubio, saying that those who supported the 2013 immigration reform effort - "including some Republicans" - were opting for the "Washington cartel" over "hardworking American men and women". The two candidates are increasingly being viewed by pundits and Washington insiders as leading candidates to be the last two men standing when the Republican field eventually narrows.  Such a theory is predicated on outsider candidates like Ben Carson and Donald Trump eventually fading, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush's campaign continuing to flounder and the other cast of candidates unable to gain traction. If this turns out to be the case, then the fight between Mr Cruz and Mr Rubio over controlling illegal immigration - a topic that stirs passionate feelings among many Republican voters  -  isn't just a rhetorical November sideshow, it could help define how the Republican race plays out in the coming months.
Works on show at the Royal Pavilion include a painting of liger cubs given to King George IV, which will be on public display for the first time. The cubs - a cross between a tiger and a lion - were born at Windsor in 1824. The exhibition also tells the story of the first living giraffe in the UK, given to the king as a diplomatic gift. The young female Nubian giraffe arrived in the UK in August 1827 after a long journey from Africa. Two Egyptian cows were drafted in as wet nurses but she died less than two years later. The Exotic Creatures exhibition in the Prince Regent Gallery runs until 28 February 2016.
Vicente del Bosque's European champions had 64% possession in Alicante, as full-back Mario Gaspar scored a stunning acrobatic goal. "I thought the result flattered them, even though they had a lot of the ball," said centre-back Cahill. England's friendly against France on Tuesday goes ahead after the terrorist attacks which took place in Paris. Read more:Cahill continued: "For 70 minutes, I thought we were well in the game but goals change games.  It was a special goal and it opened it up.  We knew it was going to be tough and knew the ability they had. "It was a first defeat since the 2014 World Cup for England, who went through Euro 2016 qualifying with a 100% record. "People need to stay patient," said Tottenham striker Harry Kane.  "We're not going to win every game.  We're playing these teams for a reason, to get experience. "We've got to stay confident.  We know what we want to do and what we want to achieve.
Katari Anuradha was shot and stabbed by at least three men wearing burkas, Indian media reported, quoting police.  A motive has yet to be established. Her husband, who was with her, is in a critical condition with bullet and stab injuries. The attack took place at the Chittoor Municipal Corporation office, where the staff tried to stop the attackers. Senior police official G Srinivas told the Indian Express newspaper that they were exploring several angles, including old rivalry and new enemies. The assailants fled the scene after the attack, although reports say two people later handed themselves into police. The attackers had been wearing burkas, one-piece veils that cover the face and body, as they forced their way into Ms Anuradha's office, media reports said. Security has been tightened in Chittoor and state police are closing borders with neighbouring Tamil Nadu state in an attempt to find the killers.
The conference, organised by Mankind Initiative and held at the Keepmoat Stadium, was chaired by former abuse victim Ian McNicholl. His ex-girlfriend is serving a seven year prison sentence for GBH and assault. Mankind Initiative said men too often are "too ashamed" to report abuse. Mr McNicholl, 52, from East Yorkshire, said: "Far too many men feel they're to blame, they're weak and they're alone often because they do not think there is support for them. "We aim to change that so no man suffers in silence and realise they can escape and rebuild their lives. "Mankind Initiative said male domestic abuse figures are particularly high in South Yorkshire. In the last three years, police received 19,459 calls from men but the charity said the real figures are likely to be higher because of under-reporting by men. Mr McNicholl, who was in an abusive relationship for 18 months, said:"By the time I was rescued by police I had a fractured skull, multiple fractures to my cheekbone, I've had the septum on my nose replaced, I have a scar from an assault with a steam iron. "It almost took my life.  She told me in her last assault she was going to kill me.  I was also on the point of suicide. "He said he did not report it earlier because he feared for his life and was "emotionally and physically ground-down". 130 delegates from around the country attended the conference. Mankind Initiative said men often do not report abuse because they feel "embarrassed", feel it "undermines their identity as a man" and "fear they won't be believed.
Since April, convicted criminals in England and Wales have had to pay a charge of between £150 and £1,200 towards the cost of their case. MPs on the justice select committee said the charge, which is not means-tested, created "serious problems" and was often "grossly disproportionate". Ministers said it was under review. The fee is paid on top of fines, compensation orders and defendants' own legal charges, and is higher for those convicted after pleading not guilty. It is set according to the type of case, with the minimum charge for magistrates' courts and the maximum level for crown court cases. In March, the then Justice Secretary Chris Grayling said the fee would ensure that criminals "pay their way". But chairman of the cross-party committee Bob Neill said: "The evidence we have received has prompted grave misgivings about the operation of the charge, and whether, as currently framed, it is compatible with the principles of justice. "He added that "in many cases it is grossly disproportionate" and created "perverse incentives - not only for defendants to plead guilty but for sentencers to reduce awards of compensation and prosecution costs". The committee's report said the lack of discretion for judges and magistrates on the level of the charge was creating "unacceptable consequences within the criminal justice system". It cited the case of a woman who had admitted stealing a four-pack of Mars Bars worth 75p, saying she "had not eaten in days" after her benefits were sanctioned. She was ordered to pay a £150 criminal courts charge on top of her £73 fine, £85 costs, a £20 victim surcharge and 75p compensation. The committee also said it was "highly sceptical" of government claims that the charges could deliver a net revenue of £80m to £160m a year by 2023 - with an annual cost of collection of about £20m and a £5m bill for imprisoning defaulters. The Ministry of Justice said the concerns were noted and the operation of the fee was being kept under review. It comes after Justice Secretary Michael Gove told Parliament earlier this month that the charge was generating revenue and helping to "ensure that the taxpayer is not the first port of call for supporting the way in which our courts operate". But Frances Crook, chief executive of the Howard League for Penal Reform, said the criminal courts charge was "unrealistic and unjust" and called on the Ministry of Justice to "suspend this policy immediately". "The innocent have been put under pressure to plead guilty, and ordering indigent people to pay money they simply do not have is never going to work," she said.
In only his second season with Porsche, Webber and his two team-mates, German Timo Bernhard and New Zealander Brendon Hartley, need a fourth-place finish or better in the 6 Hours of Bahrain on Saturday to complete a remarkable run of success for car number 17. Winners of the last four races, they were runners-up at the previous event in June and took third at Spa in the race before that in May. Webber, 39, cannot remember such a hot streak of form beyond his days in junior categories and admits he never expected to be in contention so quickly at this stage of his return to sportscars. "I'm very surprised we're in this position," he said.  "We had a few tough races at the start of the championship and now here we are in Bahrain ready to close the championship off hopefully. "It started in an incredible June where we got two cars home at Le Mans and had a 1-2 against Audi. "Since then we have won every race and I don't think we envisaged that - the aggressive mentality of the F1 approach. "Not surprisingly, after his 12 years at the highest level of single-seater, open-wheel competition, Webber draws heavily on his experience of fighting against the likes of Lewis Hamilton, Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso, the other contenders for the 2010 title at the final race of that season in Abu Dhabi. He learnt the hard way on that occasion, finishing eighth behind his three rivals and third overall in the championship.  This time he aims to make amends. "Being a professional for so long, you have the ability to deal with the emotions and really pull it right back and just keep the basics in order, and that's what we've got to try to do," said Webber. "Having the scenarios played out if we've got things we need to deal with - are we rehearsed, are we practised, are we ready to go?"We don't want any what ifs, any 'woulda, coulda, shoulda' at 10pm on Saturday night. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceWebber's challenge in 2010 was complicated by his acrimonious relationship with Red Bull team-mate Vettel. The German profited most from the Australian's problems with backmarkers under the lights at Yas Marina by winning the race and the championship. The team dynamic within the three-man Porsche 919 Hybrid line-up is noticeably more harmonious. "You have to be super, super open with each other in terms of communication, in terms of getting the best out of each other, the little strengths and weaknesses of each other in terms of corners you like, what type of tracks you like, what type of conditions do you like and even how the car develops," he revealed. "We've got a young bright-eyed and bushytailed youngster in Brendon Hartley, Timo Bernhard is super experienced in this category and then myself with a lot of experience. "We try to make the sure the car doesn't know who's in the car, which driver is in.  The car has to be very benign, so we can use it. "In his recent autobiography, Webber was critical of the way Red Bull allowed his partnership with Vettel to disintegrate following a series of incidents in 2010 and beyond. It's a marked contrast to his views on his current set-up where he believes his F1 experiences have contributed to Porsche's surge to the head of the field. "To put together this campaign with a great bunch of guys, I have felt pretty instrumental in it and I suppose that's as rewarding as other grand prix wins because I've had a bit more impact here in trying to help. "It's a big, big team and everyone's done a great job but it's been really nice to have been able to help behind the scenes and if we can put the icing on the cake it'll be a really, really nice feather in my cap. "Webber and his team-mates lead the Audi trio of Switzerland's Marcel Fassler, Germany's Andre Lotterer and France's Benoit Treluyer by 13 points. They extended their advantage by an extra point on Friday after Bernhard and Hartley secured their fifth pole position of the season at the Sakhir track. The circuit where the wind blows off the desert and makes tyre performance even more critical is not one of Webber's favourites.  Last year's third place with Porsche was his best in 11 races here. "We're in good shape, very confident we can have my best result here ever and then if that's enough - and that will be enough if I'm on the podium steps - then it'll a very, very long night on Saturday. "And if he does become world champion for the first time in his 21 years in motorsport, will it rank as his finest achievement?"It would certainly be right up there, mate.  It's not easy to win a grand prix and it's not easy to do what we've done here. "My biggest, biggest achievement to put together this championship with the other guys…?"His pause before delivering a classic Webber line says it all. "We'll certainly give it a good shake, yeah. "After the anti-climax in one Middle Eastern kingdom on 14 November 2010, Webber has atonement in his sights on 21 November 2015 in another.
Menstruation is generally a taboo topic in India, something that is rarely talked about openly. But at the weekend, several photographs popped up on my Facebook page of young Indian women holding placards - some made up of sanitary napkins and tampons - with the slogan "Happy To Bleed". A little bit of research led me to this petition, started by college student Nikita Azad, who was annoyed by the sexist remarks made by the head of the famous Sabarimala temple in Kerala. "A time will come when people will ask if all women should be disallowed from entering the temple throughout the year," Prayar Gopalakrishnan, who recently took charge of the hilltop temple dedicated to Lord Ayyappa, told reporters earlier this month. "These days there are machines that can scan bodies and check for weapons.  There will be a day when a machine is invented to scan if it is the 'right time' for a woman to enter the temple.  When that machine is invented, we will talk about letting women inside," he added. Ms Azad insists that there is no "right time" to go into a temple and that women should have to right to go "wherever they want to and whenever they want to". The temple priest's comments, she says, reinforce misogyny and strengthen the myths that revolve around women, and that "Happy To Bleed" is a counter-campaign against menstrual taboos. Hinduism regards menstruating women as unclean so, during her periods, a woman is not allowed to enter the temple, touch any idols, enter the kitchen or even touch the pickle jar. Many Hindu temples in India - and also globally - have prominent notices displayed at the entrance telling menstruating women that they are not welcome, and many devout Hindu women voluntarily keep away from temples when they are menstruating. But the Sabarimala bars all women in the reproductive age from entering the temple. The temple website explains that as Lord Ayyappa was "Nithya Brahmachari - or celibate - women between the 10-50 age group are not allowed to enter Sabarimala". The website adds, rather threateningly, that "such women who try to enter Sabarimala will be prevented by (the) authorities" from doing so. Ms Azad says "we don't believe in religion that considers half the world impure" and that theirs is "not a temple-entry campaign" - it's "a protest against patriarchy and gender discriminatory practices prevalent in our society" and that they are fighting against sexism and age-old taboos. Since its launch on Saturday, #HappyToBleed has received a lot of responses, especially from young urban Indian women. "More than 100 women have posted their photographs on Facebook holding banners and placards, with catchy slogans, and many more have shared these photos on their timelines," Ms Azad told the BBC.The campaign has also been picked up by many people on Twitter who have written in with messages of support. Some, however, have also wondered how women can be "happy" to bleed since periods can often be pretty painful. "We are using happy as a word to express sarcasm - as a satire, to taunt the authorities, the patriarchal forces which attach impurity with menstruation," Ms Azad explains. "It may be painful, but it's perfectly normal to bleed and it does not make me impure," she adds. Listen to BBC 100 Women programmes here.
The 37-year-old spent two seasons at Gresty Road between 2006 and 2008. The former Shrewsbury, Sheffield Wednesday and Tranmere Rovers forward, scored 11 goals for Bury last season as they won promotion from League Two. Lowe, who has not featured for the Shakers since 29 August, goes straight into the Alex squad for Tuesday's trip to Colchester.
Menzies said rectifying "operational issues" at the airport would cost an extra Â£6m in the second half of 2015. It warned full-year profits could be Â£2m lower than previously forecast. However, it reported strong profit growth at its US hubs, while its distribution arm was "delivering ahead of forecast". In a trading update for the 10 months to 30 October, Edinburgh-based Menzies said: "Within the aviation division, service levels at London Gatwick have been restored. "However, the actions we have put in place to mitigate the operational issues and deliver the customer's operational requirements will cost Â£6m of additional investment, mainly in manpower, in the second half of the year, and will impact this year's earnings. "Contract negotiations with this customer continue, and we are working towards a resolution before the year end. "Menzies said its aviation division continued to perform well in all regions outside the UK.Ground handling turns and cargo tonnes were up 9% and 4% respectively, with revenue in the period up 6% on last year. Chief executive Jeremy Stafford said: "During a busy period of transition, we continue to progress with the group's strategic objectives. "Our distribution business is quickly gaining traction in the UK e-logistics market, whilst continuing to deliver cost and cash improvement initiatives. "Aviation continues to benefit from growth in the Americas, whilst we continue to work through UK operational matters. "I am disappointed that contractual issues at London Gatwick have led us to revise our aviation outlook for this year, albeit largely offset with strong progress in our distribution business. "The group remains well placed to drive earnings.
Martin Shkreli's drug company Turing Pharmaceuticals bought the rights to 62-year old drug Daraprim and increased the price per pill from $13. 50 to $750. Turing said it will cut the price by 50% for hospitals and offer financial assistance to individuals. However, the company will keep its list price at the new higher level. In September Turing promised to reduce the price. The pill costs around $1 for patients in Europe. In statement Turing's chief commercial officer Nancy Retzlaff defended the company's move.  She said that reducing the listing price would not have translated into saving for patients. "Drug pricing is one of the most complex parts of the healthcare industry.  A drug's list price is not the primary factor in determining patient affordability and access," Ms Retzlaff said. Doctors though worry keeping the price so high will make it impossible for hospitals to stock the drug for the few patients who need it. "The decision not to lower the price leaves patients in the same boat," said Dr Joel Gallant, medical director of special service at Southwest Care centre. Though Turing is offering payment assistance for some patients, Dr Gallant said this could still leave patients waiting for treatment. "Patients start the drug in the hospital, but then they need to be discharged with the drug.  While they wait for patient assistance to be approved they could be re-hospitalised," said Dr Gallant. The original increase sparked outrage on social media and among politicians. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton called the increase "price gouging". Turing's chief executive Martin Shkreli- who had been labelled the most hated man in America-fought back saying politicians did not understand Pharmaceutical pricing. He later backed down and promised to lower the price of the drug, though never said by how much. Mr Shkreli told ABC news in September, "'We've agreed to lower the price of Daraprim to a point that is more affordable and is able to allow the company to make a profit, but a very small profit.
But the Belgian capital remains on the highest alert level, with hundreds of armed police and soldiers on patrol. Authorities fear Paris-style attacks may be carried out, as at least one Paris gunman had lived in Brussels. France says 130 people died in a series of attacks in Paris.  At least one suspected attacker is still at large. The so-called Islamic State (IS) group says it carried out the attacks. Five people have been charged in Belgium with terrorism offences in connection with the attacks in the neighbouring country. In Brussels, public transport was due to start running again from 06:00 (GMT) though some metro lines will remain closed. Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the suspected ringleader who was killed in police raids in the Parisian suburb of Saint Denis, was near the Bataclan theatre during a deadly siege there, it has emerged. French officials say mobile phone data also show he returned to cafes and restaurants targeted in the attacks.  They say there is evidence that Abaaoud was planning an attack on the La Defense business district. Paris under attackHow the Paris attacks are affecting Muslim childrenInterview transcript: 'My brothers were manipulated, not radicalised'Special report: In-depth coverage of the attacks and their aftermathOn Tuesday, an arrest warrant was issued in Belgium for a man named Mohamed Abrini over the attacks. Prosecutors say that two days before the attacks, he was seen driving a car with suspect Salah Abdeslam at a petrol station on the motorway to Paris. Abrini is described as "dangerous and probably armed". Abdeslam is currently the subject of an international manhunt after the attacks. The Renault Clio that Abrini was seen driving was later used in the attacks, prosecutors say.  Police say he should not be approached by the public. Belgian prosecutors also said on Tuesday that they had partially identified two other men taken into custody. The men, named as Ali O and Lazez A, are both from the Brussels district of Molenbeek, and both will appear separately in court during the course of this week. Also on Tuesday, French President Francois Hollande met US President Barack Obama in Washington where the two leaders re-iterated their commitment to eradicating IS.Mr Obama said there would be increased co-operation with France to hit IS targets in Iraq and Syria, and called on the EU to finally implement an agreement that would require airlines to the share passenger information.
Celtic and Dundee are exploring the possibility of staging a game in the US, where the Kilmarnock striker has experience with Portland Timbers. "I think there are avenues for the Scottish game to tap into if you look at the American model," said Boyd. "But, for our teams to go there to play, I don't think it's right. "A formal proposal is set to be put before the Scottish Professional Football League regarding the Dundee v Celtic match in the next few weeks, with Boston and Philadelphia possible host cities. "It's not for me," Boyd, 32, told BBC Scotland.  "With the two of them being Scottish clubs, it's right that they play in Scotland. "It's obviously a big market for Celtic with them being a worldwide club and because Dundee's owners are American, that's why they'll be trying to explore it. "There's a lot of Scottish people living in America.  There is interest. "But the majority of Dundee fans will be from Dundee.  I don't imagine there'll be a lot in America.  With Celtic, there will be.  That comes with the size of the club. "Boyd spent 2012 in Major League Soccer, scoring seven goals in 22 starts for Portland. "Scottish clubs can go over and see what's going on and try and make things better but bring it back here to try and make the Scottish game better in Scotland," added the former Scotland international. "Football is definitely getting bigger [in the US]. "The majority of clubs are now playing in front of 20,000 every week.  Seattle are playing in front of 60,000 - that's as big as Rangers and Celtic!"There's more to take into it - the travelling, the different climates, the time zones.  It's a difficult place to go and play football. "And they change the rules every year as well to suit the teams that are struggling because if you win the league then players' wages might go up then the next thing they need is to trade their players to keep themselves under their salary cap. "It would be difficult to manage in and definitely be an owner in but the flipside is that if you're an owner and you're getting 20,000 every week, you know you're still making money.
A point against the Dutch side could keep Celtic in the hunt if Group A rivals Fenerbahce fail to beat Molde in Norway, but Deila feels his team must keep their fate in their own hands. "I still see an opportunity to go through, and that's what we are going to fight for," Deila said. "We have to go for winning the game. "Group winners Molde registered home and away victories over Celtic to leave the Scottish champions bottom of Group A with two points from their four matches. Ajax are only a point better off, and Deila does not expect Frank de Boer's side to travel to Glasgow with great confidence. "They have also struggled lately in Europe," the Norwegian commented. "They haven't won away for a long time, so we have a very good opportunity.  It's always very hard to come here to Celtic Park. "We are going to do everything we can to make it even harder for them and get three points. ""I think that's the same for Ajax as well, they want to win.  So it's going to be an interesting game and a big opportunity for us to get a good result and go down to Turkey and do everything for ourselves. "I think we've been a little bit unlucky in some of the games.  Last year I can say we were maybe a little bit lucky, but this year I think we have been a little bit unlucky. "You can talk about being unlucky, but it's also about being good in the right moments.  We have made some stupid mistakes and have lost some important points. "Celtic will be forced to field a makeshift midfield against Ajax, with injury ensuring Scott Brown will join the suspended pair of Nir Bitton and Stefan Johansen on the sidelines.  Kris Commons is also a major doubt for the match. "It is of course more tricky because a lot of the experience is out, but we have good players, players who can fill those roles," Deila continued. "We have to put together a team that can bring a good performance. ""I really want to succeed in Europe.  That's what everybody wants. "It's nothing to fear.  It's a football match that we have a big opportunity in.
Torquing Group was criticised for a lack of communication over the Zano after the project folded last week. An apology has been issued along with the new information. The collapse of Zano caused embarrassment for Kickstarter when many disappointed backers questioned whether they would get their money back. In the new update, which was published to the project's Kickstarter page, the firm detailed how its funding had been apportioned across the project. The four largest areas to which more than £2. 3m in donations had been distributed as follows:Developing improvements to the Zano prototype had been one significant example of expenditure, the company said. "Ultimately these upgrades coupled with delays caused by the creation of a bespoke and automatic testing rig had significant financial and timeline impacts upon the project," the statement added. The firm also reiterated its intention to "co-operate fully" with Trading Standards within Pembrokeshire County Council. In a closing comment, Torquing added an additional apology: "We would like to make a sincere apology for the understandable disappointment felt by all of those that have supported the project. "The BBC had also learned that Kickstarter had contacted Zano backers following the announcement of Zano's collapse last week. "Like you, we're extremely frustrated by what's happened with this project," the message said. It added that Kickstarter had asked Torquing to provide a more detailed update to backers by November 30 - or Kickstarter would pursue an inquiry into the Zano project.
Inderjit Singh Dhariwal, 49, was injured at Samsons in Rood End Road, Oldbury, in the early hours of Sunday. Nicolas Salhan, 36, of Haybridge Avenue, Stourbridge, and Jonathan Davies, 42, from Old Bridge Walk, Rowley Regis, have been charged. They are due to appear at Wolverhampton Crown Court on 30 November. Mr Dhariwal, of Oldbury, was taken to hospital in a critical condition but died on Monday.
The newspaper Okaz said 55 people were awaiting execution for "terrorist crimes", while a now-deleted report by al-Riyadh said 52 would die soon. They are thought to include Shia who took part in anti-government protests. Amnesty said that given the spike in executions this year, it had no option but to take the reports very seriously. The group believes at least 151 people have been put to death in Saudi Arabia so far this year - the highest recorded figure since 1995. In 2014, the total number of executions carried out was reported to be 90. The Saudi newspaper reports said those facing execution in the coming days included "al-Qaeda terrorists" and people from the Awamiya area. The alleged al-Qaeda militants were accused of attempting to overthrow the government and carry out attacks using small arms, explosives and surface-to-air missiles, Okaz reported. The Awamiya residents were meanwhile convicted of sedition, attacks on security personnel and interference in neighbouring Bahrain, it said. Awamiya is a town in the Qatif region of oil-rich Eastern Province. Since 2011, it has been the centre of protests by Saudi Arabia's Shia minority, which has long complained of marginalisation at the hands of the Sunni monarchy. Among those at imminent risk of execution were six Shia activists from Awamiya "who were clearly convicted in unfair trials", according to Amnesty. "It is clear that the Saudi Arabian authorities are using the guise of counter-terrorism to settle political scores," said James Lynch, Amnesty's Middle East and North Africa deputy director. "Three of those six activists were sentenced for 'crimes' committed while they were children and have said that they were tortured to confess. "The three juvenile offenders are Ali al-Nimr - whose case sparked a global outcry earlier this year - Abdullah al-Zaher and Hussein al-Marhoon. On Tuesday, the mothers of five of the six activists wrote to King Salman, imploring him to grant clemency, after learning that their sons had been subjected to a "random" medical examination.  They believed it was a sign of impending execution. Four of the five have been kept in solitary confinement, in a wing housing death row inmates, since being moved to al-Hair prison in Riyadh in early October. "These executions must not go ahead and Saudi Arabia must lift the veil of secrecy around its death penalty cases, as part of a fundamental overhaul of its criminal justice system," Mr Lynch warned. Last month, the UK foreign secretary said he did not expect Ali al-Nimr - the nephew of a prominent Shia cleric also sentenced to death - to be executed. Saudi Arabia argues that death sentences are carried out in line with Sharia and with the strictest fair trial standards and safeguards in place.
British and Irish Lion North, 23, has signed a new contract with Northampton Saints in England's Premiership. The 23-year-old's previous deal was due to expire next summer and he had been linked with a return to Wales. "We'd all want to see our best players playing in Wales," Davies said.  "Why would we want it any different?"Davies was Scarlets chief executive when North left them for Saints in 2013, and moved to the Pro Rugby Wales role in September 2014. He would like to see players such as North back in Wales to offer a "return on investment to the regions that have developed them" as well as to reward fans and to inspire younger players. Davies added: "From the national squad's point of view, the coaches are very clear that they fundamentally believe that it is a better environment in terms of player management for the players to be playing in Wales. "They can manage them better in conjunction with the regions. "North, capped 55 times by Wales and also a 2013 Lions tourist in Australia, has appeared 42 times for Saints. There was speculation he might emulate Wales team-mate and former regional colleague Jonathan Davies, who will return to Scarlets from Clermont Auvergne on a Welsh Rugby Union dual contract next season. Former Wales centre Tom Shanklin is also disappointed North will remain in England. "It's probably good for him personally because he's at a very good club and in a very good league," Shanklin told Scrum V Radio. "But I want to see all the Welsh players back.  That's going to strengthen our league and strengthen our product on the field. "We had some great news Jon Davies is coming back so it's a bit of a shame.
After the mansion's contents were removed and charred timbers were carefully lifted out by crane, an archaeological salvage operation got under way which will continue until the spring.
Carter has suffered with the condition for years and struggled throughout the 6-2 defeat by the three-time champion at the York Barbican. Carter, 36, told BBC Sport: "I have such a handicap living with this Crohn's disease. "When you have constant abdominal pain you can't settle. "Carter, who has recovered from a life-threatening cancerous tumour on his lung, scored a fluent 89 in the opening frame. But Higgins lived up to his billing as a pre-tournament favourite, barely missing a ball thereafter. He capitalised on a couple of Carter misses to pinch the next two frames and rattled off five frames in succession before closing out victory. Two-time World Championship finalist and world number 28, Carter, added: "I missed a couple of balls and am 3-1 down. "It is so hard to compete at the top level anyway and when you have something like that, it makes it very difficult. "I don't want to keep going on about it and I don't feel like my game is a million miles away.  But it is such a big handicap If you are not 100% right competing at this level. ""It's a wonder I can compete at all.  It's not an excuse, it's a handicap.  But in the bigger picture, I am lucky to be alive I suppose.
He was elected with 571 votes, ahead of Michael Henderson and David Noakes with 184 and 109 votes respectively. A total of 883 (27%) of the 3,220 registered voters turned out with four blank papers and 15 spoilt papers. Mr Parkinson will serve for four months and said there were "very important decisions" to be made in that time. Before the by-election some criticism was made of the Â£50,000 cost, a fifth of a general election, for the short term of the office - the by-election had to be held under the island's Reform Law. Mr Parkinson said: "The voters of St Peter Port North deserve to be represented every bit as strongly as the voters of any other district. "These next four months will set the scene for the general election, it will help to define the issues on which the general election will be fought. "Mr Parkinson served in the States from 2004-2012 and was the minister of Treasury of Resources from 2008-2012. He previously stood in the South East district and said he had "enjoyed biking around getting to know the St Peter Port North district better" while campaigning. He campaigned with three key policies; diversifying the economy, reforming the corporate tax system and solving the affordable housing crisis. His term of office will end at the general election on 27 April. The by-election was called after the death of Deputy Martin Storey in July.
"In full co-ordination with the government of Iraq, we're deploying a specialised expeditionary targeting force to assist Iraqi and Kurdish Peshmerga forces," Mr Carter said. The operators would carry out raids, free hostages and capture IS leaders. They would also conduct "unilateral operations" in Syria, he said. Islamic State conquered large swathes of Iraq and Syria in the summer of 2014. A US-led coalition of 65 countries is conducting a campaign against the militants in both countries. Mr Carter made the announcement in remarks to the House Armed Services Committee in Washington on Tuesday. He did not offer specifics on troop numbers, but said they would also be focused on securing Iraq's borders and building the capacity of the Iraqi government forces. US special forces have already conducted operations in both Syria and Iraq - notably the killing of the IS oil chief Abu Sayaff in eastern Syria and the freeing of prisoners from the IS-held town of Hawija near Kirkuk in Iraq. But this is a clear indication from the Pentagon that their role will become more significant. The "specialised expeditionary targeting force", as the Iraq group is being called, will not only assist local forces but will also conduct further "unilateral" raids into Syria. While this does not amount to significant numbers of boots on the ground, it is an escalation of America's role in direct combat. Mr Carter said there was now an important opportunity to divide IS militants in Iraq from those in Syria. In October, the US announced it would send up to 50 special forces soldiers to northern Syria as military advisers to Kurdish and rebel forces.
Four Taliban gunmen were killed in the gunfight after an argument on the outskirts of Quetta, a source said. Another report said Mullah Mansour died but this is unconfirmed.  A Taliban spokesman denied the gunfight happened. Mullah Mansour's appointment prompted splits in the Taliban after its founder Mullah Omar's death emerged in July. A number of senior Taliban commanders refused to pledge allegiance to him and a faction opposed to him was set up last month under Mullah Mohammad Rasool. Read moreThe Taliban source said the firing seemed to be spontaneous rather than planned. Several other Taliban sources told the BBC that Mullah Mansour and his bodyguards had been at the house of another militant, Abdullah Sarhadi, when fighting broke out. Sarhadi is a Taliban figure with symbolic importance after spending years in US detention in Guantanamo Bay, reports the BBC's Dawood Azami. Compared to Mullah Omar, his secretive predecessor, Mullah Mansour has adopted an open approach and has met Taliban commanders regularly to discuss their policy concerns, our correspondent says. What prompted the shooting in Quetta is unclear. "During the discussion, some senior people developed differences and they opened fire at each other," said a senior Taliban commander, Reuters reports. Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid categorically rejected the reports. "No such incident has happened, because he is in Afghanistan not in the area of Pakistan  they have mentioned.  Secondly his security is not weak to allow such an incident," he told the BBC Afghan service. Mullah Omar died in 2013 but his death was only confirmed in July. News of his death disrupted fledgling peace talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban. Some senior Taliban leaders had been suspicious of Mullah Mansour's support for peace talks hosted by neighbouring Pakistan, and accused pro-Pakistani circles of installing him as the new leader. Since August Mullah Mansour has overseen a series of battlefield victories, including briefly capturing the northern Afghan city of Kunduz - a huge setback for Western-backed Afghan forces. But the Islamist movement has split into openly warring factions since Mullah Omar died. Recent reports suggest one of the leaders of the breakaway Taliban faction, Mullah Dadullah, was killed in recent fighting with militants loyal to Mullah Mansour.
O'Connell, who led Ireland at the World Cup, retired from international rugby this year after the tournament. Best, 33, is a candidate to succeed him although back row Jamie Heaslip could be favourite having deputised against Argentina when O'Connell was injured. Media playback is not supported on this device"Paul O'Connell is a talismanic leader and to follow him would be a massive honour," hooker Best said. "There is a group Joe will choose from and whoever does take over will have a massive task. "To work alongside Joe Schmidt in a coach-captain relationship would be great. "Best, who recently signed a new two-year contract with the Irish RFU, has welcomed the news that Ireland will host World Cup winners New Zealand and runners-up Australia in next year's autumn series. "After the World Cup people have said there is a big gap between the northern and southern hemisphere nations, but you have to consider the injuries the northern hemisphere sides had," said Best, who has won 89 Ireland caps and made 173 appearances for Ulster. "These games are important because we need to be testing ourselves against the top teams. "On his new Ulster and Ireland deal, he added: "After a World Cup you are not sure how they will be thinking.  Will they bring in the new guns and prepare for the next World Cup?"They must have thought there is some life in me yet, which is great.
They want Ofcom to wait until a decision is made about their plan to merge the two mobile companies. BT and EE are also planning to merge. The spectrum, formerly used by the Ministry of Defence, would provide 4G services for mobile companies. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) has provisionally approved the proposed merger between BT and EE.But the European Commission has announced its decision to launch an in-depth investigation into the proposed merger between O2 and Three. And Ofcom has previously cast doubt on this merger winning regulatory approval. In a statement on Thursday, Ofcom said it had received letters from Telefonica and Hutchison stating their intention to bring legal action against the regulator over its decision to begin the auction before the outcome of the European Commission's findings. "After careful consideration, given these specific circumstances, we have decided for reasons of good public administration to delay commencing the auction process," it said. Legal action also held up the previous 4G auction - as mobile companies disagreed about how spectrum should be distributed. Ofcom had been due to start accepting applications for the spectrum this month, with plans for the auction to take place in February or March. Now, it looks unlikely to begin before the summer - with the European Commission's judgement on the O2-Three merge expected in May. The spectrum on offer could add capacity to 4G networks, but it is considerably smaller than the previous chunk of 4G spectrum. It has a reserve price of Â£70m, compared with Â£1. 3bn for the previous portion of the airwaves. Matthew Howett, an analyst with research company Ovum, said: While Ofcom doesn't have spectacular form when it comes to awarding spectrum on time, in this instance it probably makes sense to delay things. "Should the merger between Three and O2 be approved, then remedies around spectrum holdings will almost certainly take time to work out and any future spectrum award would need to be reconsidered accordingly. "However, if the. . .  merger is blocked, then the spectrum award can go ahead fairly quickly without change. "Mr Howett said the impact on consumers would be minimal. "Despite demand for mobile data growing, all mobile operators are fairly well served by their current spectrum holdings and will be for the short to medium term, so while a delay is unfortunate, it shouldn't be too problematic," he said.
Diego Valeri put Portland ahead after just 27 seconds when he charged down a clearance from keeper Steve Clark. Rodney Wallace then headed in to make it 2-0 in the seventh minute. Kei Kamara pulled one back before half-time but the Timbers won their first major trophy since joining MLS in 2011. Portland captain Ridgewell, 31, who played in the Premier League for Aston Villa, Birmingham City and West Bromwich Albion, is in his second season with the club. The final, at the Crew's Mapre Stadium, got off to a dramatic start when Clark's error gifted Valeri the opening goal. The keeper's attempted clearance bounced off the Argentine and into the net, to set a new record for the fastest goal in the history of the MLS Cup - the name given to the final. Portland were then gifted another goal when they were allowed to play on after the ball had clearly gone out for what should have been a throw-in, and Lucas Melano crossed for Costa Rica international Wallace to head in. Columbus hit back as their top scorer, Sierra Leone forward Kamara, fired in his 26th goal of the season on the turn after goalkeeper Larsen Kwarasey had spilled a cross. But the hosts barely made another chance as Ridgewell's defence stood firm and Portland were unfortunate not to add to their lead in the second half as they created a number of chances. Melano saw a shot blocked, Kamara was spared an own-goal by Michael Parkhurst's goalline clearance, Fanendo Adi headed against a post and Clark saved superbly from Natt Borchers' close-range header.
The 26-year-old fly-half has agreed a new deal which could keep him in Wales until the 2019 World Cup. Williams, who played 100 times for Wales, believes it will help Ospreys keep and recruit players. "It's fabulous news for Welsh rugby and the Ospreys in particular," he said on BBC Wales' Scrum V TV programme. "Not only is Dan committing himself to Wales for the next four years, but it helps the Ospreys with recruitment for the next couple of seasons. "If players were looking to sign and come to the Ospreys if they can see Dan Biggar is going to be there for the next three or four seasons that helps them as well. "Biggar's current deal was due to expire at the end of this season. He is the first of Wales' 17 dually contracted players to re-sign on the deals which are 60% funded by the WRU and 40% by the region. In addition to potentially attracting new players to the region, Biggar's decision to stay may help negotiations with his Ospreys and Wales colleagues scrum-half Rhys Webb and second row Alun Wyn Jones. Both players' contracts expire in the summer of 2016, with Ospreys skipper Jones saying in November that he was still weighing up his options. Scarlets are in talks with Wales centre Scott Williams over extending his dual contract, and have secured the return of British and Irish Lions centre Jonathan Davies from Clermont Auvergne next season.
The airline's chief executive Andrew Swaffield said bookings had dropped off in the immediate aftermath but were now recovering. Monarch's flights to Sharm el-Sheikh are still suspended and it does not expect them to resume before next year. The comments came as Monarch returned to profit for the year to 31 October. Mr Swaffield told BBC Radio 5 Live that customers were "booking closer to departure" in the wake of the attacks. He said: "They're booking in pretty big numbers and there's no lack of interest, but they're not booking quite so far out because they're waiting to see what the world has in store. "That will probably last a little while and then things will get back to normal again. "Luton-based Monarch expects annual profits to exceed £40m after cost cuts helped to achieve a turnaround. Mr Swaffield said: "The key for us has been the £200m of costs we took out of the business during what was a pretty thorough restructuring during 2014. "Monarch streamlined its network and fleet, modernised its working practices and benefited from lower fuel prices. The company made a loss of £94m in the previous year.
The identity of the bodies is not clear, but one of the bodies is suspected to be that of a woman who was reported missing a week ago. The bodies were found by a herder looking for his animals, who noticed signs of wild jackals in the area near the Somali border. Kenya's security forces deny charges they have been killing ethnic Somalis. The residents of ethnic Somali-dominated districts in the region have repeatedly accused Kenya's security agencies of being behind the arrest and disappearance of youths suspected to have links with Somali militant Islamist group al-Shabab. Since the reports emerged, the hashtag #StopKillingSomalis has been trending in Kenya. The BBC's Ferdinand Omondi in Nairobi said disturbing images circulated on social media on Monday morning, showing human body parts sticking out of poorly dug trenches. A woman's mutilated body provoked the strongest reaction.  She is thought to be a mother of five, arrested four days ago. Inspector General of Police Joseph Boinnet confirmed the woman's death, but denied the existence of mass graves. Area senator Billow Kerrow suggested the dead were victims of enforced disappearances. A report last year by campaign group Human Rights Watch said there was strong evidence that Kenya's Anti-Terrorism Police Unit has carried out a series of extrajudicial killings and enforced disappearances in the region. Kenya's security forces deny the allegation. Kenya has thousands of troops fighting al-Shabab in Somalia.  The militant group says this is why it has staged several deadly attacks in Kenya in recent years.
The changes will see the workforce drop by 85,000, from 135,000 to 50,000. The group has been forced to restructure after the collapse of commodity prices slashed profits. Anglo will also suspend dividend payments for a year, and consolidate from six to three businesses. All the world's big mining companies have seen profits tumble along with plunging commodity prices as demand from China has slowed. The price of oil is at seven-year lows, as is copper, and on Tuesday the price of iron ore tumbled to a 10-year low of $39. 60 a tonne, after reaching a peak near $200 in 2011. As part of the restructuring, Anglo American's diamonds business will be run by its De Beers subsidiary, its platinum and base metals operations will come under Industrial Metals, and its Bulk Commodities division will concentrate on coal and iron ore. A company spokesperson said the job cuts would be made through asset sales and internal cuts:  "Bear in mind that these include assets that we will sell, so the 85,000 jobs don't [all] disappear as many will be employed by new owners of  those mines that we sell. "Anglo will sell its phosphates and niobium businesses during 2016 and plans $3. 7bn in cost and productivity improvements by 2017. Chief executive Mark Cutifani said: "While we have continued to deliver our business restructuring and performance objectives across the board, the severity of commodity price deterioration requires bolder action. "Anglo's share price has fallen by more than two-thirds over the past year.  Today they fell 12. 3% to 323. 65 pence.  In February 2011, the shares traded for more than Â£34 each. Shares in other major mining companies also saw sharp falls in trading in London on Tuesday.  Glencore was down 9. 3%, Rio Tinto fell 6. 3% and BHP Billiton was 5. 8% lower. "Anglo American, like all of its counterparties in the mining sector, has found there is no more fat to be cut and, as had been speculated for the last week, it had to face the reality that it could no longer pay out the dividend," said Alastair McCaig, market analyst at IG."Where one goes, others will follow and the possibility that BHP Billiton or Rio Tinto might be forced into similar action now looks increasingly likely.
The 66-year-old, of Ballybinaby, Hackballscross, County Louth, faces nine tax charges at the Republic of Ireland's Special Criminal Court. Prosecutors claim he had significant dealings in cattle and land and received farming grants but failed to submit tax returns for nine years. Mr Murphy denies the offences. His defence lawyers claim that their client's brother, Patrick Murphy, managed his cattle herd and farming activities. The prosecution at the three-judge, non-jury court was brought after an investigation by the Irish Criminal Assets Bureau (CAB). One of the judges indicated that the verdict may be delivered next Thursday, 17 December, but added it is "by no means certain". Mr Murphy was remanded on continuing bail until 17 December.
Let's not forget the traditional argument with your other half about whose job it was to buy all the batteries for the children's new toys - which are currently a source of tension because nobody can turn them on. Am I right?If that sounds all too familiar and you fancy keeping the whole thing a bit more spiritual this year without giving up your gadgets, here are five ways to enjoy Christmas online:Everyday Church Online, which launched in the UK in September, runs virtual services every Sunday for a net-based congregation from around the world.  Everyone's invited to log on and chat while a recorded sermon is streamed. So far, people from 61 different countries have logged on, according to online pastor Darren Parker. "There are lots of reasons why people can't get to church on a Sunday so we thought we would bring the church to them," he says. "The chat room is like the foyer of a church. "Virtual prayer requests received from the global congregation have included:Its first Christmas theme is Star Wars, the subject of three festive sermons. "We found some real truths [in the franchise] which compare to Christmas," says Mr Parker. "The new Star Wars is called The Force Awakens.  Our sermons are called The Hope Awakens - it's about awakening hope for humanity. "The Star Wars sermon will be running throughout the day on the church's website. Guardians of Ancora is a recently launched, free-to-play fantasy game available on Android, iPhone and Kindle platforms.  It's developed by the same people behind the young people's group the Scripture Union. The game is aimed at eight to 11-year-olds and director Terry Clutterham says 45,000 were playing within four months of its release. "Ancora is a weird, wonderful, amazing place but it is a fictional space where children enter as guardians," he says. "The problem with Ancora is that the light has been stolen from that world, so there is darkness around. "It's the role of the guardians to rediscover the lost treasured stories which are the stories of the Bible. . .  and those stories help to light up the world. "You get the idea. Special content created for Christmas includes two new Bible-themed quests in which players find the birth of the baby Jesus. There are lots of very charming nativity videos out there but it's not easy to rack up the hits. German marketing company Viral.de had huge success with its 2010 video The Digital Story of Nativity, which has so far been viewed almost six million times. There are no actors, no animals, and not even a stable. The whole story is told in the form of Facebook status updates, tweets, Google searches and Foursquare check-ins. Highlights include one "Joseph Carpenter" buying a cow and a donkey on Farmville before uploading a baby picture, which looks suspiciously like a Christmas card. The Churches Advertising Network also had a respectable go - Christmas Starts with a Baby's Giggle, which features a modern-day couple sitting in a trendy living room with their baby, only for the scenery behind them to keep changing eras until they are Mary and Joseph in the stable.  So far, it has been viewed about 250,000 times. "It's pretty good - we're not John Lewis, we're a group of Christians with a very small budget," explains Frances Goodwin, who chairs the network. "The message is that Christmas is the same today as it was 2,000 years ago. "However, according to a report in the Daily Mail, the charity's attempt to get the ad screened at cinemas was thwarted when the organisation that sells screen rejected it for being "too religious". After distributing more than three million printed books and nearly five million booklets telling Old Testament stories in the genre of Japanese cult cartoon form Manga, the company Next Manga has just launched its work in app and e-book form - so far, only in the English language. The book containing its version of the nativity is called the Manga Messiah. It is available in 33 different languages - 25,000 copies of the Arabic version were recently sent to Syrian and Libyan refugees. "We see it as a unique opportunity to share a message of hope and peace with these people who have suffered so much," says founder Roald Lidal. "One third of all publications are in Manga form in Japan," adds Mr Lidal, who lived in the country for 45 years. "There is a Manga for every age and every type of person.  It seemed very difficult to proclaim the message of the Bible without using Manga. "As if you needed the excuse.  But lots of groups are using platforms like Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to connect with their communities, especially at this time of year. "I don't see that much these days of trying to share the Gospel in 140 characters," says Kevin Bennett of Christian media group Premier. "The Church is mostly trying to just drop thoughts in, get people to fix their gaze on something a little bit higher for a second and maybe consider things that are a bit more spiritual rather than earthly. ""Jesus would definitely be on Twitter," adds Jules Middleton, blogger and mission pastor at The Point Church in Burgess Hill, West Sussex. "He was a great communicator. "Sounds like a seal of approval to me.
Lt Col Lucy Giles, 46, will be at the helm at New College to help prepare young British Army officers for their chosen regiments. She said: "I have to pinch myself really, because it's an enormous privilege to be in this unique position. "The academy was founded in 1947 after two older military institutions merged. Lt Col Giles from Wincanton, Somerset, will oversee the academic programme and the physical training aspects of the intermediate and senior terms of the course. The married mother-of-two said: "It's interesting to see people's reactions in this traditionally male environment.  I'm a mother and wife of a soldier, so I am bound by juggling those domestic considerations as well as delivering a day job, so to speak. "She said she would "lead by example" and encourage permanent staff to "try and make time for their families". During her 24-year career Lt Col Giles has led soldiers on operations and deployments in Bosnia, Iraq, Afghanistan, Sierra Leone, East Timor, South Africa and Northern IrelandShe spent two years as the first female Officer Commanding at 47 Air Dispatch Squadron. She said: "I like to think I was boarded for this appointment because I had the right key skills, knowledge, and experience to be able to do this effectively, as opposed to me being here because I'm female. "Although, I recognise that being in this position means I may come across as a role model for our future female officers. "Famous royals to have trained at Sandhurst include Princes William and Harry.
Ross, 39, has agreed a deal that runs initially until the summer of 2016. The former St Mirren defender has coaching experience from stints at Dumbarton and Hearts, where he departed in October. Ross will be in the dugout for Saturday's home match against the Buddies. Alloa are bottom of the Championship, three points adrift of Livingston, who they beat 1-0 on Saturday.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe 17-year-old from Gloucestershire won the champion apprentice trophy in his maiden season this year. Marquand has racked up 68 wins across the last 12 months, prompting his trainer Hannon to make the comparison with Moore. "I think he could be a champion jockey one day," Hannon told BBC Points West. "I would be amazed if he does not go right to the top, he is the name on everybody's lips at the moment. "Marquand's rapid rise has seen him nominated for the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year 2015 award. The jockey has been named on the final shortlist for the award, alongside gymnast Ellie Downie and para-swimmer Tully Kearney. "What he has achieved is a little bit special," added Hannon.  "He is a lovely guy and thoroughly deserves his success.  He is very popular and he has endeared himself with everybody. "Hannon, who has 300 horses based at his stables near Marlborough, is the son of former flat jockey champion Richard Hannon Sr. Moore has enjoyed great success under the guidance of Hannon and won the champion apprentice title in 2003. Since then, Moore has established himself as one of the most respected flat jockeys in horse racing and was champion jockey in 2006, 2008 and 2009. "Ryan Moore performs on the big stage and he is the best jockey in the world at the moment.  He is so professional and the ultimate jockey and that's who you want to be," said Marquand, who will find out if he has won the BBC award on Sunday. "It is a yard that is constantly in the limelight and it is big to be attached to somewhere like this.
The party's economy spokesman Rhun ap Iorwerth warned steel's troubles were a "canary in the mine", warning of deeper problems across a range of industries. These include basic metals, chemicals and wood. The Welsh government called on Westminster to address the impact of high energy prices on industry. The UK government has been asked to comment. Plaid said Gross Value Added (GVA) figures -  which measure the value of goods and services produced - show the so-called foundation industries in Wales have suffered a 39% decline in the five years to 2013. Mr ap Iorwerth urged the Welsh government to take action to help industries combat high energy costs. He said: "Figures show that the threat to our economy runs far deeper than steel, but affects the range of industries that our economy is built upon. "This includes the chemical industry, other metals, and wood products.  Wales' foundation industries have witnessed a steep decline. "He said UK government should also work with the EU to ensure maximum flexibility in use of procurement legislation so that they can better protect British industry. A Welsh government spokesman said: "No-one has defended the steel industry more than the Welsh government. "We have raised with the UK government over several years our concerns about the impact high UK energy prices are having on the competitiveness of our industries and again call on them to address this major problem. "The economy minister has set-up an industry-led task group to gather examples of good procurement practices and to identify support other EU countries have provided to their steel industries. "Pro Steel Engineering in Caldicot, Monmouthshire, is only three years old but has benefited from contracts in London, including the new Olympic Stadium roof in London for West Ham United and strengthening the Hammersmith fly-over. Director Richard Selby said: "We're fortunate we're expanding and are hoping to start recruiting in a couple of months and we have a full order book. "We've had the ability to stay agile and seizing the opportunities. "But the foundation industries need a lot more support, particularly with the energy costs we have, and we need for the Welsh government and Westminster to get behind them to help them thrive. "Economist Prof Calvin Jones, of Cardiff University, said the foundation industries were still important in terms of their high economic value and for being iconic. But he said Wales' growth areas had been in retail, hotels, back-office financial services and the public sector. "We have to think about how they will fulfil Wales' economic destiny as we'd like to see it," he said. "Of course, on current structures they can't, they simply aren't like Tata which is a company which is incredibly valuable in so many ways. "A back office for a bank simply can't do the same things for Wales, no matter how many bums on seats there are in those call centres.  They don't provide the same jobs or a narrative for the Welsh economy that will give us a future vision. "Prof Jones said the steel industry in Wales had done relatively well to avoid the worst of the crisis so far. "There have been big rounds of redundancies over the last 30 years and we've a very lean operation in Wales and geographically we're better placed than those steelworks in the north of England and Scotland.
The group carried out a nine-month investigation into the 53,000 images handed to the opposition by a military police photographer, codenamed Caesar. Researchers interviewed former prisoners, defectors, forensic experts and families of the disappeared. Syria's government and its allies had questioned the images' authenticity. They were first published in January 2014 in a report by three former war crimes prosecutors that was commissioned by Qatar, which supports the political and armed opposition in Syria. In an interview earlier this year, President Bashar al-Assad said: "You can bring photographs from anyone and say this is torture.  There is no verification of any of this evidence, so it's all allegations without evidence. "But on Wednesday, Human Rights Watch laid out in a new report what it said was new evidence regarding the authenticity of the Caesar photographs, identifying a number of the victims and highlighting some of the key causes of death. The US-based group said it had located and interviewed 33 relatives and friends of 27 victims whose cases researchers verified; 37 former detainees who saw people die in detention; and four defectors who worked in Syrian government detention centres or the military hospitals where most of the photographs were taken. Syria torture reportIn pictures: Syria accused of tortureUsing satellite imagery and geolocation techniques, HRW confirmed that some of the photographs of the dead were taken in the courtyard of the 601 Military Hospital in Mezzeh, a western suburb of the capital Damascus. The group also identified a coding system for the cards placed on the bodies. "We have meticulously verified dozens of stories, and we are confident the Caesar photographs present authentic - and damning - evidence of crimes against humanity in Syria," said Nadim Houry, HRW's deputy Middle East director. HRW said its report focused on 28,707 of the 53,275 photos smuggled out of Syria by Caesar that, based on all available information, showed the bodies of at least 6,786 people who died in detention or after being transferred from detention to a military hospital. The remaining photographs are of attack sites or of bodies identified by name as of government soldiers, other combatants, or civilians killed in attacks, explosions or assassination attempts. Most of the victims were detained by just five intelligence agency branches in Damascus, and their bodies were sent to at least two military hospitals in Damascus between May 2011, when Caesar began copying files and smuggling them out of his workplace, and August 2013, when he fled Syria, HRW said. Forensic pathologists from Physicians for Human Rights analysed a subset of the photos, and found evidence of several types of torture, starvation, suffocation, violent blunt force trauma, and in one case, a gunshot wound to the head. Among the 27 victims identified by HRW - all of whose families spent months or years searching for news of their whereabouts, in many cases paying huge sums to contacts and middlemen - were Rehab al-Allawi, a boy who was 14 at the time of his arrest for having an anti-Assad song on his phone, and student Rehab al-Allawi, who was 25 when she was detained while working with an activist group. The former detainees, held in the same places as most of the victims, told HRW that guards kept them in severely overcrowded cells with very little air circulation, gave them so little food that they grew weak, and often denied them the opportunity to wash.  Skin diseases and other infectious diseases proliferated, and the detainees said guards denied them adequate medical care. "Many of the former detainees who were held in these nightmarish conditions told us they often wished they would die, rather than continue suffering," Mr Houry said. The Syrian Network for Human Rights, an activist group, has documented the arrest and detention of more than 117,000 people in Syria since the uprising against Mr Assad began in March 2011.
The onus will now be on the Stormont to come up with new abortion legislation. "We welcome the court's decision today to grant a declaration of incompatibility. "The Commission will await to see how the department of justice and the executive will take this forward or if any appeals will be lodged. ""We are relieved that Judge Horner acknowledged that to 'interpret' our pro-life laws to allow for the killing of little unborn children diagnosed with life-limiting conditions and unborn children conceived in rape or incest would be a 'step too far'. "We also welcome that he accepted that a so-called 'fatal foetal abnormality' is not a medical term or diagnosis. "Precious Life have been fighting this battle for 18 years and we will continue our efforts to ensure that the rights of unborn children continue to be upheld in law, policy and practice in Northern Ireland. ""I have already asked the Eeecutive for agreement to bring forward draft legislation to exempt from the criminal law abortion in the case of fatal foetal abnormality. "The judgement does not alter my position on this policy objective and I will continue to seek executive approval to progress this aim. ""While I believe the original judgement of Judge Horner is seriously flawed and requires an appeal, I welcome the fact that today he rowed back from judge-made law on abortion and recognised that it is for the legislature to make the law. "Hence, the practical impact of the judge's ruling is that our law remains as was and, correctly, will remain so unless and until the legislature decides otherwise. "TUV believes that the unborn child is entitled to this right and resist any attempt to change the current law. ""We now need our politicians to step up and trust women to make their own decisions and not have decisions imposed on them due to having no choice. "Mature and sensible debate, which puts women at the centre of decision-making, is needed, rather than barbaric laws. ""We welcome the fact that this declaration of incompatibility makes no immediate change to current abortion law in Northern Ireland. "However we are concerned about this judgement because the current law in Northern Ireland is clear and has a legitimate and proportionate aim - to protect women and unborn children. "We hope the Northern Ireland Assembly will actively pursue policies to provide women with world-leading personal pathways of pregnancy crisis care including perinatal hospice care. "We hope this judgement is appealed. ""The Minister will take time to consider the judgement carefully. ""This is a highly sensitive and very important issue.  Until we have considered Justice Horner's judgement in full we will not be issuing further comment.
Officials in Pakistan, Malaysia and Indonesia all said they had not formally agreed to join the alliance. Saudi Arabia on Tuesday said 34 mainly Muslim nations would be part of the counter-terrorism grouping. Prince Mohammed said it would focus on efforts to fight terrorism in Iraq, Syria, Libya, Egypt and Afghanistan. "Currently, every Muslim country is fighting terrorism individually. . .  so co-ordinating efforts is very important," he told a news conference. He indicated there were still "procedures" for these countries to go through before joining, "but out of keenness to achieve this coalition as soon as possible, [the alliance of] 34 countries has been announced". Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Aizaz Chaudhry was quoted in the Dawn newspaper as saying he was surprised by the announcement and had asked the Pakistani ambassador in Riyadh for clarification. The country's foreign office said in a statement later on Wednesday that it was "awaiting further details to decide the extent of its participation in different activities of the alliance" before making a decision on whether to join. In Indonesia, the foreign ministry said it too had not yet decided whether to join. "The government is still observing and waiting to see the modalities of the military coalition formed by Saudi Arabia," foreign ministry spokesman Arrmanatha Nasir told The Jakarta Post. Malaysian Defence Minister Hishammuddin Hussein went further - expressing support for the coalition but ruling out any military involvement from Kuala Lumpur. "The Saudi initiative does not involve any military commitment, but an understanding that we will combat militancy," he said. Announcing the alliance, Saudi Arabia said a joint operations centre would be established in the capital Riyadh and the coalition would focus on terror groups "whatever their doctrine". It comes amid international pressure for Gulf Arab states to do more in the fight against so-called Islamic State. The BBC's Frank Gardner points out that the Shia-majority nations of Iran and Iraq, as well as Syria, are noticeably absent from the alliance. It is far from clear how it could conduct counter-terrorism operations in IS-plagued Iraq and Syria without the agreement of those governments, he adds. Saudi Arabia's list of 34 alliance members: Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Benin, Chad, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Gabon, Guinea, Ivory Coast, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Morocco, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, Pakistan, the Palestinians, Qatar, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Sudan, Togo, Tunisia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and Yemen.
The alleged attack on another woman took place in Malton Crescent, North Shields, on Friday at about 13:00 GMT.Simonik Da Costa, 41, of Charlotte Street, Wallsend, was also charged with common assault and possession of an offensive weapon. She was remanded in custody and will appear before North Tyneside Magistrates' Court on Monday. The injured woman was taken to Newcastle's Royal Victoria Infirmary and was said to be in a stable condition.
The jury ruled that neither sheriff's officials nor jailers committed a crime in their treatment of Bland. It has not yet been determined whether the police officer who arrested her should face charges, a prosecutor said. The 28-year-old African-American was arrested after a confrontation with a policeman who had pulled her car over.  She was found dead three days later. In recent years, the deaths of black Americans in police custody have caused much debate and protests in the US.Police say that Ms Bland hanged herself while being held in the Waller County jail. The family have denied that she was suicidal and have accused the jail of being "reckless" in disregarding her safety and failing to keep her free from harm. The Waller County grand jury would return in January to consider whether to indict police officer Brian Encinia, who arrested Ms Bland in July, prosecutor Darrell Jordan said. A video of the arrest shows Mr Encinia giving Ms Bland a warning.  The situation quickly escalates, with Mr Encinia appearing to threaten Ms Bland after she refuses to get out of her car. He unsuccessfully tries to pull her out and tells her "I will light you up". Ms Bland's family has alleged Mr Encinia falsified an assault allegation to take her into custody. An attorney representing Ms Bland's family, Cannon Lambert, said on Monday that the grand jury's decision was consistent with what the family believed was an attempt by authorities to cover up the events surrounding Ms Bland's death. "They continue to do things we are disappointed in," he said. Ms Bland's sister Shante Needham has said Sandra had called her from jail, saying she did not know why she had been arrested and that an officer had possibly broken her arm. Ms Bland died by asphyxiation after using a plastic bag to hang herself in her cell, according to Waller County District Attorney Elton Mathias. Video footage from the jail did not show what happened inside Ms Bland's cell, but did suggest no-one entered or left it until someone found her unconscious. Mr Mathis has said there is nothing in that investigation "that shows anything happened but she killed herself".
Bristol Crown Court heard Christopher Daldorph, 45, spent up to two hours a day over 14 years viewing the material. Officers from the National Crime Agency (NCA) found 20 devices at his home in West Wick, Weston-super-Mare, when he was arrested in April. One hard drive alone contained more than 150,000 images and videos. Daldorph admitted nine counts of making indecent photographs and one count of possessing extreme pornographic images between November 2010 and April this year. Passing sentence, Judge Geoffrey Mercer QC, said: "For over 14 years, as you admit, you have regularly set time aside to scour the darkest corners of the internet to find some of the more disturbing representations of child abuse available. "This is in my judgment an extreme case of downloading indecent photographs of children, because of the volume of the material which you downloaded over a substantial time. "Christian Hall of the NCA said: "Daldorph was responsible for amassing hundreds of thousands of indecent images, some of them the most extreme possible involving very young children. "Each of those involved a child being abused in some of the worst ways imaginable. "Daldorph, who had worked for the NHS for 17 years, was dismissed from his job after he was arrested.
Following flooding at Brunton Park, Carlisle have three 'home' fixtures at neutral grounds and beat Notts County at Preston's Deepdale on Saturday. Stanley's last two home games were postponed because of waterlogging. "I'm really upset about how the league's handled the Carlisle affair," Coleman told BBC Radio Lancashire. "We are now games behind Carlisle.  We've had two postponements and they've been allowed to play elsewhere and I don't think it's right or fair. "I don't think it's fair on the rest of the 23 teams who have to go to Carlisle when some teams won't have to go there. "I just don't think it's anywhere near any shape or form fair. "I've got nothing against Carlisle, I wish them all the best in their ventures and what they do, but it's shifting the rules. "I've got every sympathy for the people that have lost belongings and homes, I'm not decrying any of that - I'm just saying strictly from a football point of view it's an unfair advantage to play at another ground. "The Cumbrians will also play upcoming matches at Blackburn's Ewood Park and Blackpool's Bloomfield Road.
Named after Japanese sword-smith Muramasa Sengo, the Guernsey-born musician comes armed with deft beats, exotic instrumentation and heartbreaking lyrics. Like his namesake, he says he wants the music "to cut like a knife". Only 19 years old, he has already created a strong body of original material, incorporating Asian soundscapes (Shakuhachi flutes, thumb pianos) into his glitchy electronica. His most recent track, Love For That, is a sumptuous, string-drenched ballad which found its way onto the BBC 1Xtra playlist after being played more than a million times on SoundCloud. The musician, whose real name is Alex Crossan, talked to the BBC from the flatshare in Brighton where he records all of his music. Congratulations on making the top five Sound of 2016.  How does it feel?Sort of baffling.  It's an honour, but it's scary and exciting. You grew up in Guernsey, which isn't a place that's renowned for cutting-edge dance music. There was a footballer, Matt Le Tissier, from Guernsey.  But as far as music, no, not many people have come out of there. Did that sense of isolation from the music scene help you develop your own sound?I think so.  If you grew up in London's East End you'd probably be inclined to be into something like grime music.  But if you're removed from it, like in Guernsey, you can have a wider set of influences, and you're not tied down to any genre or any scene.  I think that affects my sound, for sure. What sort of music did you grow up listening to?At a young age, I was introduced to Joni Mitchell by my mum.  My dad was into progressive rock.  But when YouTube came around in 2005 or 2006, suddenly all the music was available and you just had to do your own research. There's a strong oriental theme to your music - how did you work out those sounds and scales and styles of playing?Just a lot of time and patience, really.  A lot of people say they're influenced by things, but they don't actually listen to what's happening in the music. If you do your homework properly before you try and write it becomes simple. Did you have musical training?I started playing violin when I was about five years old and I learned to read a little bit of music, but that's all been long, long forgotten! I actually quit violin to teach myself guitar and just went from there. Do you remember the first song you produced?Oh gosh.  It was a really, really terrible dubstep track.  It had a sample of Robin Williams in it shouting "Gooooood Morning Vietnam!" It was awful. You started uploading music to the internet very quickly.  What was the impetus for that?Because I'm from Guernsey, I couldn't swap music with many people.  I had a couple of friends who were making music but I think online was just the natural way for me to get heard.  I come from the internet generation, so it kind of made sense.  There wasn't any deep thought put into it. The first track I uploaded was called Death Grips - but it doesn't exist any more.  I deleted it because it's so bad!When did you first realise people were taking notice?I put out a mix tape at the end of last year called Soundtrack To A Death and it was just a beat tape - but Jo Whiley played it on Radio 2, and then Huw Stephens made it album of the week on Radio 1.  It was all very strange. But I think that was when I started developing my own sound and I think people started tuning in to that. How would you describe that sound?Gosh, this is always the question I dread! But it takes everything that I love about hip-hop and electronic music and mashes it together in the setting of lo-fi, oriental-influenced beat music. Is the flute part in Lotus Eater a sample?I wrote that, actually. That's incredible.  It sounds like its come from a dusty old piece of vinyl. That's what's great about it, I think, because you can write a part and retroactively make it lo-fi and make it sound like a sample.  That's something I love doing. That song would fit perfectly on a film soundtrack - specifically a Quentin Tarantino film.  Do you approach music visually?For definite.  I didn't start writing my debut album until I'd sorted the cover art.  It's an intrinsic part of the whole process.  The first music I really loved was Gorillaz and I think the way the visuals played into the music and told a story was very important to me. It's funny you should mention Tarantino.  I have two posters in my room - one's of the White Stripes and the other one is Pulp Fiction. The strings on Love For That really emphasise the emotions of the song.  Are they live instruments?Yeah they are - and I think I'm going to be doing that a lot more on the album.  It just makes it quite special hearing the bow moving on the strings. It's cool to make people remember that, although electronic music is obviously produced electronically, it's still real music. Your album is due out in the first couple of months of 2016.  Is it finished?I'm about half-way done.  The way I work, everything tends to come together last minute.  It's called To Fall Out Of Love To and it's got a story arc to it. Is it a concept album?Ermâ€¦ yeah.  But to me, whenever I hear the words "concept album", it means the music isn't that good but there's a really cool idea behind it.  I want to hit the target of really good music and really meaningful lyrical content. You've already been played on daytime radio - is the ambition to crossover into the mainstream?If you go into this expecting a number one single then you're a pop artist - and I don't think I am a pop artistâ€¦ yet. At the end of the day, my personal ambition is just to make really, really, really good music that's culturally relevant and stands the test of time.  That's all I want.
The 26-year-old has made just one appearance since joining Posh in November, scoring in the 3-2 win over former club Barnsley. Graham Westley's side currently have injuries to fellow defenders Callum Elder, Gabriel Zakuani and Kgosi Ntlhe. Posh, currently sixth in the table, are at home against struggling Chesterfield on Boxing Day.
But this is also a story which has cut to the heart of the country's political conscience and raised questions about so-called VIP culture. On Wednesday evening, as chairman of the Pakistan's People's Party (PPP) Bilawal Bhutto was visiting Karachi's Civil Hospital, so too was Bisma, a 10-month old child who needed urgent medical care. The infant's father Mohammad Faisal Baloch, from Karachi's poorest Lyari district, alleged he couldn't gain entry for more than an hour because of the security protocol surrounding Mr Bhutto's visit. "Doctors told me they could have saved her if she was brought in 10 minutes earlier," he told local media.  Bisma was his only child and was suffering from respiratory problems. The story has created a storm in Pakistan even though there are conflicting reports about whether it was the traffic jam caused by the visit, or a single security guard's decision not to let the family through, that caused the delay. Much of the outrage is focused on the dilemmas of ordinary people trying to live their lives amid politicians with enormous security details, albeit politicians who may have cause for enhanced security - Bilawal's mother Benazir Bhutto was assassinated in Rawalpindi in 2007. "What if Bisma has died, Bhutto is alive, long live Bhutto" is one tweet which despondently reflects the anger people are pouring out on social media. The PPP had been using the slogan "Bhutto is alive" to counter efforts by political rivals to weaken the party. The news of Bisma's death put social media in Pakistan on fire.  #Bisma, #RIPDemocrazy and #VIPCuture immediately started trending.  Bilawal Bhutto also tweeted: "Anguished over Bisma's death.  Am personally inquiring into this heart-breaking incident to ascertain what went wrong. "Such tragic controversies and the resultant inquiries are not new to Pakistani's elite, especially the PPP. In 2010, a woman had to give birth in an auto-rickshaw when the motorcade of the then president Asif Ali Zardari, who is also the PPP's co-chairman and Bilawal's father, blocked traffic in the city of Quetta. The woman's brother Mohammad Yaseen had told media at that time: "We pleaded with the policemen as it was an emergency but they refused, citing orders that no one should be allowed to move until the president had passed. "Bisma's father has described a similar situation five years on. Opposition parties such as Imran Khan's Tehrik Insaf all jumped on the chance to criticise the PPP, which rules Sindh province, of which Karachi is the capital. A PTI leader, Naz Baloch, tweeted after meeting the bereaved family that Bisma's father refused a job offer from the PPP but asked for improvements to their local Lyari General hospital.   Lyari ironically is a PPP stronghold, but has remained underdeveloped for too long, many feel. Although the death of Bisma has been a catalyst for yet more criticism of Pakistan's so-called "VIP culture", ultimately what it may show is just how much development still needs to come to parts of Pakistan, given how easy it is for a toddler to quickly develop an illness which brings her right to the brink of death.
Electricity North West said about 680 customers in Bury and 480 in Rochdale were still cut off. The company has reconnected more than 24,750 customers in the past two days. Thanking people for their "goodwill", incident manager Steve Cox said the "focus today is to ensure power is restored for the remaining customers". Further updates about this and other flooding stories on the BBC live pageElsewhere in the area, a major clean-up is continuing following the floods on Saturday. In Rochdale, dozens of town centre businesses were underwater, after the River Roch burst its banks, while in nearby Littleborough, about 100 properties and two care homes had to be evacuated. Rochdale Labour MP Simon Danczuk said more needed to be done to prevent flooding, including the diverting of overseas aid funds. "Why do we spend money in Bangladesh when it needs spending in Great Britain?" he said. "What we need to do is to sort out the problems which are occurring here and not focus so much on developing countries.  That has to be our priority. "The Environment Agency have said flood defences across the UK need a "complete rethink" following the recent flooding. The clearing-up operation in Bury has seen a housing association praise the "instinctive community spirit" of those hit by the floods. Irwell Valley Housing Association's Cath Mustafa said about 100 of their residents had been hit and the "resilience of everyone affected and the instinctive community spirit to pull together at such a difficult time is truly astonishing". Central Salford suffered its worst flooding for nearly 70 years as homes in Kersal, Lower Broughton and Trinity were evacuated. A Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service spokeswoman said they had received more than 300 flood-related calls. She said it was believed crews had "rescued up to 1,000 people in less than 24 hours when water levels rose so rapidly yesterday that whole towns were cut off".
Richard Tyler, 44, saw the Hawker Hunter jet go up in a loop and come down again as it crashed onto the A27 on 22 August. "This is an award for the team because they did a marvellous job on the day.  They're all volunteers," Mr Tyler said. Eleven men, ranging in age from 23 to 76, were killed. "We plan for these sorts of things, we hope it never happens, unfortunately it did, but the plans worked really well," the event first aid services manager for Kent and Sussex added. The Red Cross team worked alongside the first ambulance crew on the scene, providing first aid to the walking wounded. Mr Tyler, from Hawley, near Dartford in Kent, said: "Unfortunately we couldn't help all the people that were there, but the 15, [or] 20 people that walked into us we dealt with. "We then fed them onto the ambulance service for transport onto hospital. "The jet crashed in front of a 20,000-strong crowd, and Mr Tyler said they then went on to help those in need who had witnessed it. Recalling the tragedy, he said: "I remember thinking 'he's very low', and then a cloud of smoke and flame went up. "Strangely, though, I don't remember any loud noise or explosion.  I turned to control and said 'you need to put out a Code Red now'. "At that point our major incident plans kicked in.  A Code Red means there has been a significant incident affecting the event. "Mr Tyler said he was very proud to have been recognised in the New Year's Honours. "In my 34 years [in the Red Cross] I've never expected anything like this. "Mind you I never expected to walk into that on that day.  It's very much for the whole team.
More places will also be made available at all of Scotland's teacher education universities. The increase of 60 primary and 200 secondary student teacher places will bring the total intake next year to 3,490. The government said it was the fifth consecutive annual increase. A campaign was launched in September to try to encourage more people to enter the teaching profession in Scotland. The Scottish government's #inspiringteachers campaign is focusing on science, technology, engineering and maths. Ministers are also asking the new Strategic Board for Teacher Education to consider whether further actions are needed "to make sure we have the right numbers of teachers in our schools". In September, the leaders of seven councils called for a national taskforce to be set up to help deal with teacher recruitment problems. They made the call at a summit on tackling teacher shortages in northern and rural parts of Scotland. Student teacher places next year:• 1,230 post-graduate primary places - 60 more than last year's target• 710 undergraduate primary places• 1,350 secondary places - up by 185 on last year's target• 200 undergraduate secondary places - 15 more than last year's targetEducation Secretary Angela Constance said: "We want to make sure we have the right number of skilled teachers in our schools to help all of our young people to succeed. "That's why we worked with local authorities to maintain teacher numbers this year and aim to do the same again next year, with a further £51m funding. "And it's why we are increasing student places for the fifth year in a row, targeting them at areas where they are needed most such as Aberdeen and Highlands and Islands universities. "We have upped last year's student teacher targets for science, technology, engineering and maths and we know these will be challenging for the universities to meet. "I will be asking the new Strategic Board for Teacher Education to look at our workforce planning, particularly in the secondary sector, to consider whether there is more we can do. "We also launched a teacher recruitment campaign in September with a focus on the Stem subjects and we are working with the universities to maximise its impact.
When we arrived in darkness all was calm and quiet. We were greeted courteously by men carrying copies of the US constitution, who told us they were unarmed. They had draped the US flag over a sign at the entrance to the wildlife refuge and they offered us a cup of coffee. The guards told us that the armed men inside were not taking visitors at present but would be happy to come out and meet the media face to face in the morning. One of the men tried to give me a small US Fish and Wildlife Service sign from the building "as a souvenir". "It's mine," he said, "I paid for it," making a reference to his taxes. A short distance away, down a slope in the darkness, sat the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge itself, a collection of more than a dozen buildings which serves as the headquarters for a sanctuary established by President Theodore Roosevelt in 1908. A spot popular with birdwatchers keen to catch a glimpse of a greater sandhill crane may seem an improbable symbol of oppression but the men here insist the federal government has overreached its authority and has no right to this land. The refuge abuts property owned by the two men whose incarceration sparked this whole protest, Dwight Hammond and his son Steven. Their lawyer told the BBC that the Hammonds, who have already served time in prison for setting fires which spread to public land, had travelled to California on Sunday to hand themselves in after federal prosecutors won an appeal that resulted in lengthier jail terms. Publicly they have distanced themselves from the action, taken by people who are not neighbours or locals. But some people in the community around the town of Burns say while they do not approve of the methods, they are in tune with the sentiment. Back at the bird reserve, the mood changed slightly as the day dawned, the birds started singing and the winter sun struggled to pierce the hazy clouds. The media were now at the gate in force and the men there were more reluctant to talk. "We need to stick to the narrative," one told us as he explained why we needed to wait for their leader Ammon Bundy. Down a slight hill, we could now see the headquarters clearly, the red roofs of the sheds standing out against the snow. Several dark-clad figures moved around in the complex. At the top of a metal observation tower two men surveyed the surroundings. There was not much for them to see apart from satellite trucks, camera crews and a solitary, unexplained drone. For miles around there was no sign at all of any law enforcement officers although the word in Burns, some 30 minutes away, is that the hotels are packed with FBI agents. Critics of this occupation are putting pressure on the federal authorities to enforce the law and end it.  They have accused the occupiers of this building of being domestic terrorists, using force to impose their will. Those involved insist they are patriots and they claim they have the law on their side.  The US constitution prohibits the federal government from owning this land, they say. When Mr Bundy emerged to speak to the media he refused to tell me how many people were inside the bird sanctuary or how many were armed but, after the news conference, camera crews were given a limited tour of the site. Several children also came along although the militia men said the youngsters were visitors who were not staying on the site. We were told we would not be shown anything relating to "operational security" or anything that would "put lives at risk" and, indeed, we were kept away from any weapons on the site. A number of US government vehicles sat in the car park, covered in snow. We were not allowed into most of the buildings and saw no more than a dozen men and one woman inside. We were taken into a building where one of the protestors said he had been sleeping.  It appeared to be a gym for the federal employees who usually manage this land. There were cans of chicken noodle soup, oranges, apples and other food. Through a glass window we could see a man and a woman cooking food in a kitchen.  The site appeared to be in good condition. Not all of the men here were keen to talk but those who were have urged supporters to take up arms and join them to assert the rights of ranchers in the American west, rights which they say have been trampled by a federal government over-reaching its authority. They say they are prepared to stay here for years to make that point and, so far, there is no sign at all of them leaving or being forced from this land. But with the absence of law enforcement this is not a stand-off.  Not yet anyway.
Charles Raine, 66, known as Neville, and his nephew Philip Raine, 47, were sentenced to three years in prison. The pair, from County Durham, were last month found guilty by a jury at Teesside Crown Court of conspiracy to use criminal property. Police investigating missing ewes organised identity parades to reunite them with their rightful owners. The court was told the value of the sheep was just under Â£25,000. Phillip Raine's partner Shirley Straughan, 41, was cleared of the same charge. In all, 16 farmers lost sheep between 2010 and 2013. In victim impact statements read out in court some said they felt "betrayed". More than 115 animals were identified as coming from farms in County Durham, North Yorkshire and Cumbria, despite usual markers being removed. Identity tags were found on the Raine's farms in Bowes. Speaking after the sentencing, Det Insp Paul Phillips of Durham Police, who led the investigation, said: "This inquiry has revealed the complete contempt the two men convicted today have for other farmers. "They have broken the rules of the unwritten 'Shepherd's Bible' which has guided sheep farmers for generations.  Farmers need to be able to trust their neighbours and they have shown themselves unworthy of that trust. "We believe the force is the first to secure a prosecution under the Proceeds of Crime Act connected to the theft of sheep. "Hopefully, this will. . .  send a strong message to those who might be tempted to steal their neighbour's animals that if they do, will be brought to justice.
Officers raided a workshop in the port of Izmir, where they say they found life jackets stuffed with packaging rather than buoyancy aids. The four workers making the jackets included two young Syrian girls. On Tuesday, the bodies of 34 migrants were found along Turkey's coast.  Many were wearing life jackets. Several children were among the dead. More than one million migrants crossed the Mediterranean in 2015 and the vast majority went from Turkey to Greece. Many migrants buy life jackets to help them survive the dinghy journey.  A properly made jacket costs up to a £100 (€130; $150), reports the BBC's James Reynolds in Istanbul. But many migrants make do with cheaper, badly made ones, which cost just £10 and may offer no protection whatsoever, our correspondent says. Izmir: Migrants' life jacket capitalThe life jacket 'mountains' of LesbosMigration to Europe explained in graphicsAccording to the UN, 3,771 people were listed as dead or missing in 2015. In Wednesday's raid the authorities seized 1,263 life jackets that failed to correspond to safety standards, Turkey's Dogan news agency said.   The workshop was in the centre of Izmir, a major hub for refugees and migrants. Four people were found working in the workshop, including two young Syrian girls, the news agency said.  It did not publish the girls' ages. The confiscated life jackets have been sent to the local police for examination and an investigation has been launched. It comes one day after the bodies of more than 30 migrants were washed up in Turkey.  Their boats capsized in bad weather on the way to the Greek island of Lesbos, the authorities say. Turkish media published harrowing images of the corpses, many still wearing life jackets that had apparently been of no use. Migrants are continuing to arrive on the Greek islands every day, despite the wintry weather.  Lesbos is by far the most popular destination for migrants leaving Turkey.  More than 500,000 reached the island in 2015. Late last year, Turkey reached a deal with the European Union to tighten its borders and reduce the numbers crossing to Greece in return for €3bn (£2. 1bn) and political concessions. A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum.  This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.
India's greatest leader had moved to a village called Segaon two years earlier.  He had renamed it Sevagram or a village of service.  He built an ashram, a commune which was home to "many a fateful decision which affected the destiny of India".  Gandhi had moved in with his wife, Kasturba, and some followers.  There was also a steady stream of guests. Kanu Gandhi, a callow young man in his 20s and a grand nephew of the Mahatma, was also there.  Armed with a Rolleiflex camera, he was taking pictures of the leader. He had wanted to become a doctor, but his parents had goaded him to join Gandhi's personal staff doing clerical work, looking after accounts and writing letters at the ashram. Kanu Gandhi had developed an interest in photography, but Gandhi had told him there was no money to buy him a camera. The nephew did not relent.  Finally, Gandhi asked businessman Ghanshyam Das Birla to gift 100 rupees ($1. 49; Â£1. 00) to Kanu so that he could buy the camera and a roll of film. But the leader imposed three conditions on the photographer: he forbade him from using flash and asking him to pose; and made it clear that the ashram would not pay for his photography. Kanu made do with a stipend from a Gandhi acolyte who liked his work.  He also began selling his pictures to newspapers. Over the years and until Gandhi's assassination in 1948, Kanu Gandhi shot some 2,000 pictures of the greatest leader of the Indian Independence movement.  For decades, his pictures remained in obscurity, once surfacing with a German researcher who began compiling and selling them. Now, 92 of those rare pictures of Gandhi during the last decade of his life have been published in an exquisitely produced  cloth-bound monograph by the Delhi-based Nazar Foundation, a non-profit trust founded by two of India's most well-known photographers Prashant Panjiar and Dinesh Khanna. This is possibly my most favourite image from the book.  Here Gandhi is standing on a weighing scale at the Birla House in Bombay (what is now Mumbai) in 1945. For a man who undertook more than a dozen fasts during the freedom movement as a part of his non-violent protests - to bring peace, demand Muslim rights or to shame rioting mobs - the picture is telling. "This is a picture of a man keeping an eye on his weight, testing himself all the time.  It tells you a lot about the man," says leading photographer Sanjeev Saith who went through more than 1,000 images and helped curate the monograph. Here, Gandhi is seen in front of his office hut at Sevagram ashram in 1940.  A pillow covers his head as protection against the severe heat. It is, at once, an intimate and remote image. Which is one of the reasons, many say, that made Kanu Gandhi's pictures of the Mahatma so special. "Although he had incredible access to the icon, we are always struck at the way Kanu, perhaps because he was in awe of Gandhi always kept a respectful distance, and yet managed to convey a sense of intimacy and proximity," says Panjiar. "And because he kept a certain distance, Kanu intuitively found a more modern language of photography than what was prevalent in those times in India, framing many of his images with an interesting and unconventional use of the foreground, breaking many of the accepted rules of composition". Kanu Gandhi travelled far and wide with the leader. Here's his image of a van carrying Gandhi being pushed by Pathans and Congress workers over some rough terrain in the North West Frontier Provinces in October 1938. This is a picture of Gandhi, and his wife Kasturba, in Abottabad in November, 1938. Kanu Gandhi's first-ever book of photographs chronicles the leader's political and personal journey in his last decade in vivid detail.  There are pictures of Gandhi in his many moods - brooding, joyous, pensive, grieving - and with his supporters. Here Gandhi is being massaged by a relative and his elder sister Raliatbehn during a three-day fast in Gujarat's Rajkot city in March 1939. "These images may be old, but they are not old-fashioned.  They are not straightforward, beautifully shot and carefully framed, neat pictures which were popular then," says Panjiar. "It possibly helped that Kanu was not a trained photographer because many of his images would have been rejected by his contemporaries on account of being blurred, slightly out of focus or double exposed.  But these find pride of place, lovingly pasted by own hands in albums. "Gandhi and his wife Kasturba are seen here at a wedding of a Christian man and an untouchable woman in Sevagram ashram, 1940. Sanjeev Saith says the picture of a dying Kasturba Gandhi lying on a bed at the Aga Khan Palace in Pune in 1944 a few months before her death counts among his favourites.  A broken shaft of light is streaming in through a window behind her. "Here is this austere woman lying regally on this stately bed, she is about to die.  This picture just shakes me up," he says. And then there is this historic 1938 picture of Gandhi in a convivial mood with freedom hero and radical nationalist Subhas Chandra Bose.  In the background, Kasturba Gandhi is drawing her sari, and looking into the distance. This was the high noon of Bose's political life: he had been elected as president of the Congress party.  Gandhi had overruled objections from independence hero Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, who had objected to Bose's appointment. The two leaders had shared a complex relationship and fell out later over differences. "This is an amazing picture," says Saith.  "It contains two of India's greatest heroes in one frame.  Bose is young, cherubic, almost looking at Gandhi in admiration.  Gandhi has his characteristic toothless grin.  It is a nice, warm moment. "Here's Gandhi and Nobel Prize-winning poet Rabindranath Tagore in Shantiniketan, West Bengal, in February 1940, a study of two great men in meditation. "Look at the bottom of the picture.  It is an accidental double exposure [a technique which combined two different images into a single image].  It's rather inventive.  Kanu Gandhi knew it was a good picture, and he didn't throw away the negative," says Saith. There's a series of pictures of Gandhi collecting donations for a fund for the untouchables during a three-month long train journey that took him to Bengal, Assam and southern India in 1945-46. In some he's stretching his arm from a carriage for money; in others he's surrounded by people and collecting the money in a slender basket. "He's an old man, but he looks agile.  He's almost begging for alms, and he's serious about picking up every bit of money for a good cause.  He understands money," says Saith. "I am a bania and there is no limit to my greed," Gandhi once said, alluding to his Indian caste comprising mainly of moneylenders. Being the only person who was allowed to take Gandhi's photographs at any time, Kanu Gandhi was shooting every day. Sometimes Gandhi intervened: one such moment was when Kasturba, lay dying in his lap at the Aga Khan Palace in Pune. The nephew, however, was allowed to shoot this image of the leader, draped in a shawl, looking at Kasturba after she passed away in February 1944. According to several accounts, Gandhi kept a vigil for hours, sitting by her side, praying. "After sixty years of constant companionship," he said later that night.  "I cannot imagine life without her. "Ironically, for a man who followed Gandhi like a shadow, Kanu Gandhi was away in Noakhali in east Bengal when his leader was killed in 1948. "Gandhi's death had a profound effect on Kanu and his wife, Abha's life.  For Kanu, photography was no longer as important as the need to convey his leader's message," says Panjiar. Kanu Gandhi died after a heart attack while on a pilgrimage in northern India in February 1986. Photographs by Kanu Gandhi/Â© Gita Mehta, heir of Abha and Kanu Gandhi.
The 21-year-old, who has appeared 82 times for Brighton, played five games on loan at Karl Robinson's Championship strugglers earlier this campaign. The England Under-21 international is eligible for Saturday's FA Cup third-round match against Northampton Town. "I've been here before, I know what the club is all about and I just can't wait to get started," he said. Robinson added to the club website: "I felt he was a real success in his first spell with us earlier this season and this was highlighted when we looked back and saw he was the top of our attacking stats for a midfield player. "When he was here before, Darren Potter wasn't fit and Samir Carruthers wasn't playing in central midfield and, as a group, this time around I'm sure they will offer good balance. "Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
After the pre-season transfer window from 1 January to 18 March and the first half of the league campaign, Manchester City Women lead the WSL 1 table ahead of defending champions Chelsea Ladies and third-placed Birmingham City. Keep up to date with all of the key confirmed signings before the season resumes on 26 June.
Both sides had chances before the Pars' Ryan Wallace drilled a low shot into the bottom corner with 15 minutes left. The lead last just two minutes as Ross Davidson got the last touch on a free-kick into the area. The home side dominated the closing stages but could could not deny Rovers, who remain in fifth place. Rovers remain level with Airdrieonians, who drew at home with Forfar Athletic.
The 25-year-old Canadian lost to 17-time Grand Slam champion Federer in three sets in last year's final. But Raonic produced an impressive display at the Pat Rafter Arena on Sunday to clinch his eighth tour title. Federer, who has been suffering with flu, said: "I'd like to congratulate Milos on a great start.  This year you deserve it, well played and good luck at the Aussie Open. "The Swiss world number three added: "I was a bit sick but we made it to the final. "Raonic, who is ranked 14th in the world, had only beaten Federer once in their previous 10 encounters. He said after his victory: "Hopefully we have a better year this year than the last.  I hope in 2016 we learn to love each other a little bit more and the world becomes a safer place. "The Brisbane tournament helps players prepare for the Australian Open - the first Grand Slam of the year - which starts on 18 January.
The 24-hour strike, on 1 February, comes as part of a row over conditions. Members of the RMT and Aslef unions walked out on 4 January this year, the day many returned to work after the Christmas break. The pay side of the dispute has been accepted, but Aslef previously claimed Arriva was trying to "railroad through" changes to terms and conditions. A union statement read: "Aslef today announced that, in the light of Arriva Trains Wales' failure to offer a satisfactory resolution to the long and ongoing dispute with its drivers, our members will withdraw their labour for 24 hours. "Arriva said it "regretted" the disruption January's strike caused to more than 1,000 services it runs each day, when people complained of queues for tickets, long delays and overcrowding.
The 32-year-old joined Sale in 2011 and became the first Moldova international to play in the Premiership. Cobilas is out of contract in the summer and has decided to move to France's Top 14. "Vadim's got a great opportunity at his age, so it's a no-brainer for him," said Sale boss Steve Diamond. President Laurent Marti announced the signing of the forward on their website and he joins Ireland fly-half Ian Madigan in moving to Bordeaux for next season. Other players who are out of contract this summer have been free to speak to other clubs from 1 January, but Diamond has confirmed he is in advanced talks with David Seymour, Will Addison and Mark Jennings over new deals. Scrum-half Chris Cusiter is understood to be considering his future, while hooker Tommy Taylor is reportedly a target for Wasps. "There's no decision made on Tommy at the moment, he's not made his mind up," added Diamond. Asked about recruitment for next season, he said: "We're actively out there now. "I'm not in too much of a rush for it as we need to continue what we're doing here and if we lose three or four then we've got to replace them.
Sir Richard Leese is a senior figure in the drive to unite the north of England as an economic force. North Wales could benefit from better transport links and growth potential and the Welsh government had been supporting the development, he said. But Sir Richard also said the region "needed more freedom". "Devolution to Wales has to go beyond the Welsh assembly," he told the BBC's Wales At Work programme. "I'd argue Cardiff and its city region ought to be able to do some of the things we're doing in Greater Manchester. "North Wales again needs to be given more power by the Welsh assembly to enable it to work better with us in the north of England. ""From the discussions I've had in north Wales, the growth potential is enormous but it's more likely to be realised if we can work out those synergies between what's happening in north Wales and just the other side of the border. "They need to be given the freedom by the Welsh assembly to do that. "The cities of the "Northern Powerhouse" stretch from Manchester and Liverpool to Sheffield, Leeds and Hull and up to Newcastle and Sunderland in the north east. Radical improvements to transport connections over the next 15 to 20 years could create a single labour market and "virtual city" of 15 million in the north of England, which could provide an economic counter-balance to London. Sir Richard, who is also chair of the Core Cities cabinet which includes Cardiff, said north Wales could also benefit from that and there was a recognition in Cardiff Bay that the links between north Wales and northern England were more important than those with south Wales. Sir Richard said energy production, advanced manufacturing and health innovation and digital industries were not just based in the urban cores and some of these sectors already existed in north Wales. "North Wales has the opportunity to play into and contribute to those sectoral strengths of the north of England. "For industry in north Wales its route to market is through the North of England.  So what we're do to improve transport connections, there's a shared interest in extending that beyond the north of England. "He said care had to be taken with comparisons, as Wales had the same population as Greater Manchester but he said areas like transport and business support might benefit from greater devolution within Wales. Tracy North, chair of the CBI in north Wales said company owners and managers wanted to be involved with the Northern Powerhouse but there was not an obvious body or mechanism for doing so. "The CBI wants the next Welsh government to create a regional development corporation for north Wales," she said. "It would need to be set up immediately after the election.  It would have funding and staff, run in partnership with business and be unencumbered by local red tape. "This way, the north Wales region can act independently to optimise economic opportunities, without going through the impracticality of discussing and voting on devolution, which would out of necessity take years and years. "A Wales Office spokesman said it was committed to delivering a fundamental shift of power from Westminster to the people and communities of this country and wanted the Welsh government to "have the same confidence and faith in Wales". "Only by giving local areas the powers and freedom they need can we further drive economic growth and create the jobs and investment opportunities this country needs," he said. The Welsh government said: "As part of the Mersey Dee Alliance, we already recognise the economic importance of cross border working and links.  We will work with the UK Government to ensure north Wales has full potential to exploit the maximum economic advantage from any Northern Powerhouse proposals.
Eight of the nine rate-setters on the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted for no change, with one voting for a rise. The Bank rate has been at the record low of 0. 5% since March 2009. A number of economists have been pushing their expectations of the first UK interest rate rise from the end of 2016 into the start of 2017. The Bank said: "All members agreed that, given the likely persistence of the headwinds weighing on the economy, when Bank rate does begin to rise, it is expected to do so only gradually and to a level lower than in recent cycles. "This guidance is an expectation, not a promise. "Ian McCafferty, one of four external members of the MPC, has been voting for a rate rise for several months and had the same view at the latest meeting. The committee's minutes reveal a view that falling oil prices will mean any rise in inflation - which charts the cost of living - would be "slightly more gradual" in the near-term than forecast by the committee in November. However, it expected inflation to increase to around the 2% target "once the persistent impact of lower energy and food prices, subdued world export prices and the past appreciation of sterling had dissipated".  It added that inflation was likely to be at about 0. 5% for several months this year. The MPC also noted the fall in the value of the pound, which was partly attributed to actions by the European Central Bank. "Since the start of 2016, however, some market contacts had additionally cited the forthcoming UK referendum regarding EU membership as a possible explanation for the depreciation of sterling," the minutes stated. The global risks are building. Here is the MPC on the remarkable gyrations of the markets since the start of the New Year: "Recent volatility in financial markets has underlined the downside risks to global growth, primarily emanating from emerging markets. "And on confidence in the economy: "Business surveys imply that the near-term outlook for aggregate [economic] activity is slightly weaker. "And on the remarkable collapse of the oil price: "The 40% decline in oil prices means that the increase in inflation is now expected to be slightly more gradual in the near term. "It all makes for a rather gloomy soup.  And some would argue pushes any interest rate rise into the relatively far futureRead more from KamalThe decision to hold the Bank rate comes shortly after weak industrial output figures were released and estimates suggested UK economic growth had slowed. Production fell 0. 7% in November from October - the sharpest fall since early 2013, according to figures from the Office for National Statistics, released on Tuesday. Also on Tuesday, the National Institute of Economic and Social Research (NIESR) predicted that UK economic growth slowed to 2. 2% last year from 2. 9% in 2014. Meanwhile, the world economy remains in fragile condition, reflected by tumbling global markets last week after a run of poor economic data and interruptions to trading on Chinese stocks. Last week, the Chancellor George Osborne warned the UK economy was facing "a dangerous cocktail of new threats" as a result of slow global growth and a drop in oil prices, which is a potential threat to the UK economy because of North Sea oil production. The US Federal Reserve increased rates last month for the first time in nearly a decade, as the US economy expanded strongly last year. Bank of England governor Mark Carney has already said the decision to raise rates in the US was "not decisive" for UK policymakers, stressing that any such move in the UK would be made according to UK economic conditions.
Three Giants' forwards Jonathan Boxill, Craig Peacock and Colin Shields make the 22-man squad while netminder Stephen Murphy returns after injury. GB take on hosts Italy, Netherlands and Serbia between 11-14 February. The winners will progress to final qualifying for the 2018 Winter Games in PyeongChang in Korea. Seventeen of the squad who won a silver medal at the 2015 World Championship (Division 1B) in Netherlands are named on the roster. While the tournament is taking place, host club Cortina will travel to Belfast to play at the SSE Arena on Friday 12 February and Saturday 13 February. The Serie A side will contest the 'Olympic Series' against the Belfast Giants in the first ever meeting between the teams.
The Bluebirds are seven points adrift of the Championship play-off places and have been placed under a transfer embargo. Slade has insisted he is still the man to lead the club but Dalman says his position is under scrutiny. "He knows the pressures; he's done this job before," Dalman said. "Russell knows the score.  I talk to him on a regular basis and he knows what's ahead. "He has been here for a while with us and of course his position comes under scrutiny, it always has been.  To say it never has been would not be true. "The jury's out on every single one of us every time we have to deliver something. "Cardiff have been placed under a transfer embargo by the Football League following a breach of Financial Fair Play rules. The Bluebirds have become the fourth Championship club currently under a transfer embargo, joining Bolton, Fulham and Nottingham Forest. The embargo will be in place for the rest of the January transfer window. Slade confirmed he had spoken with club owner Vincent Tan but said there would be no talks over a new contract for him this month. The former Leyton Orient manager says Tan is still as committed as ever to the club and denied suggestions the Malaysian's scaling-back of club finances showed a lack of backing. "You see bigger clubs building castles and thinking the investment they put in will give them a great chance, but it doesn't guarantee it," Slade said. "You've got to cut your cloth accordingly.  There are rules in place. "Slade continued: "You can't just go spending £5m here or there.  Whatever we do it will have to be under financial constraints.
Simi's plight was described as a "bureaucratic log jam" by MP Andrew Turner at Prime Minister's Questions in September. The eight-year-old female had been in Belgium awaiting transportation after being seized in Germany on welfare grounds. A spokeswoman for the zoo said she would have a "lifelong home" there. The animal was seized two years ago and held in isolation at an animal welfare centre in Belgium. The zoo carried out negotiations with the Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs for a rabies waiver to allow the animal to be imported into the UK.A spokeswoman for the Animal and Plant Health Agency had said quarantine waivers were "strictly controlled and only issued if certain criteria can be met by the premises of origin and destination". Watch Simi's journey on Inside Out on 25 January at 19:30 on BBC One in the South or on BBC iPlayer.
There are 56 cases involving 97 deaths. They include killings by police officers and soldiers, and others where there are allegations of state collusion. As the review got under way in Belfast, the time taken by police to security-vet and disclose classified case files was repeatedly highlighted as an obstacle in the way of progress. Twenty-two of the cases are more than 40 years old. Lord Justice Weir, the presiding judge of the Coroners' Service, is spending the next two weeks conducting preliminary hearings to assess the state of readiness of each case. Families of those who were killed and their legal teams have been asked to inform the court of the issues which are outstanding in each of the cases. The stalled inquests into the Army shootings of 10 people in Ballymurphy, west Belfast, in 1971, and of five more civilians in nearby Springhill a year later, were examined on the opening day in Laganside Courts. The cases focusing on nine deaths linked to the Royal Ulster Constabulary's (RUC) alleged "shoot to kill" policy in the 1980s were also assessed. A barrister for families of two INLA members shot dead by the RUC in 1982 - Seamus Grew and Roddy Carroll - criticised police after they said disclosure could not be completed ahead of a proposed September 2017 inquest date. A Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) representative told the court at least another year would be required. The barrister for the Grew and Carroll families accused the police of failing to honour a series of similar disclosure commitments since the cases were re-opened in 2007. "Obviously there is the suspicion within the families that the PSNI have been dragging their heels over disclosure in order to protect the RUC," he said. "They are fighting a rearguard action on behalf of the RUC, which they have done successfully to date. "Ahead of the review, a senior police officer said the disclosure delays were due to the huge pressures being placed upon the PSNI's Legacy Support Unit (LSU). Dep Ch Const Drew Harris said attempting to run the 56 inquests at the same time, rather than sequencing them in order, resulted in the LSU continually jumping from one case to the other. When the review is completed, a coroner will be appointed to hear inquests identified as ready to proceed. In the others, relevant parties will be instructed to provide any outstanding material needed for an inquest to take place. Some of the hearings are expected to take place later this year. The most complex and controversial ones are likely to be heard by a High Court judge, while others will be heard by a County Court judge. Justice Minister David Ford last year authorised the Northern Ireland Courts and Tribunals Service to recruit "investigative support" for coroners dealing with the legacy inquests. The review was announced by Lord Chief Justice Sir Declan Morgan in October, a month before he was appointed president of the Coroners' Courts. Sir Declan said he wanted to assure the families of those who were killed that he was "fully committed to doing all that I can, within my sphere of influence and with the resources at my disposal, to ensure that justice is delivered". But he also warned that it could be "many years" before most of the cases could be dealt with. Only nine legacy cases have been disposed of during the past five years, and 13 cases in total in the past 10 years. In November 2014, Sir Declan warned that inquests into deaths involving alleged state collusion and cover-up could go on until 2040 unless the coronial inquests system was changed.
Given the West's subsequent military failures in the region, some may even view it with a touch of nostalgia. On the face of it, there was a simple military objective. Saddam Hussein had invaded neighbouring Kuwait, and the world was willing to use force to eject him. That unity of purpose was reflected in almost unanimous agreement at the United Nations and a Security Council resolution. The "cause was both just and legal", says Maj-Gen Patrick Cordingley, the 7th Armoured Brigade's commanding officer in "Desert Storm" (few will remember it by its British name, "Operation Granby". )Importantly, military action complied with both international and UK law, he adds, clarity lacking in the subsequent invasion of Iraq in 2003. The first Gulf War brought together the largest military alliance since the World War Two - more than 30 allies, including Britain, which fielded a force of more than 50,000,  the US, Saudi Arabia and Egypt. And it was a conventional fight far simpler than the murky insurgencies, asymmetric and hybrid warfare that would follow. Michael Clarke, professor of war studies at Kings College London, says in many ways it was "the Nato war the West had prepared for, but never fought in Europe". It was lined up against an Iraqi army that relied heavily on Warsaw Pact equipment and tactics, but without the same discipline and intelligence. The Iraqis proved to be incredibly inept. Prof Clarke says it was also the beginning a "military revolution" - the first time we really heard of "smart bombs" and precision guided munitions. The world watched as America unleashed wave after wave of Tomahawk cruise missiles. Iraq's arsenal may have been less sophisticated, but, with its Scud missiles and potential use of chemical weapons, it still fuelled the fear factor. And the revolution was not confined to new types of weapons. It came in communication too. Timeline: First Gulf WarDesert Storm was the first televised war in the new era of rolling news - with reports and live broadcasts from the front line - a challenge with which the military is still grappling. The air campaign to "soften up" the enemy took weeks. The ground offensive was over within days. It was the "100-hour war". But a secondary unstated goal was left unfinished. Gen Sir Rupert Smith, who commanded the UK's 1st Armoured Division at the time, says while the objective of liberating Kuwait was achieved, "the strategic condition was hardly decisive and subsequently had to be maintained by no-fly zones and UN sanctions". Any attempt to put Saddam Hussein "back in his box" or help bring about his demise failed. Prof Clark says the quick military victory created "many illusions that soon came home to roost". The hubris would soon come crashing down. The subsequent US-led military interventions in Afghanistan and Iraq were costly enduring campaigns against unconventional armies that would end without any clear victory. In particular, the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 showed the limits of US military might and tested the unity of the international order - the UN was bitterly divided. And Gen Cordingley says the British army, now designed to fight wars "among the people", would be "incapable" of ever again doing anything on the same scale as Desert Storm.
Lyndon Gooch's long-range dipping effort caused Fleetwood keeper Chris Maxwell to make a fingertip save. Amari'i Bell fired into the side-netting for the hosts, while Richard Chaplow scuffed a chance for Rovers. Jimmy Ryan's 25-yard effort almost won the game for the hosts but the ball struck the crossbar.
Leader Brandt Snedeker, who had a share of the lead after the opening round, is on 12 under par - one clear of fellow American Kevin Kisner. Donald, five under par for the day, is 10 under, level with Americans Zach Johnson, Zac Blair and Chez Reavie. Snedeker was third at last week's Tournament of Champions in Hawaii. His short game helped him take the lead on day two as he holed out from 15 foot on his first hole, chipped in from 35 feet on his 12th, and then had a 20-footer at the next on the way to match Donald's five-under-par round of 65. "This is why we spend so much time away from our families as well as so much time on the golf course - to be in contention and have a chance to win at the weekend," he said. Fiji's Vijay Singh, 52, who is hoping to become the oldest winner on the PGA Tour, is four off the lead after a one-under round of 69. Singh had shared the early lead with Snedeker, Kisner, Ricky Barnes and Morgan Hoffman after the quintet all hit 63s in their first round. Padraig Harrington and England's Greg Owen are in a group six off the pace on six under but Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell missed the cut by six shots on three over after a 73 on Friday.
The 28-year-old Erskine has agreed a pre-contract to sign for Thistle on a three-year deal in June. Manager Alan Archibald expects to lose Bannigan in the summer. "We were aware of him being out of contract in at the end of the season and Dundee United hadn't made a move on it," he said of Erskine. "We have went through the right channels and have that in place and it's a good one to look forward to for next season. "It will be Erskine's third spell with United's Scottish Premiership rivals. He started his career at Firhill before moving to Tannadice in 2013, only to be loaned back later that season. But he was a first-team regular with the Tangerines last season. This term, he missed out during September, October and November through injury but returned to action in December. Asked if Erskine could join Thistle during the January transfer window, Archibald told BBC Scotland: "That's down to Dundee United. "He's their player and we have to respect that and we've just put that in place for next season. "Archibald laughed off newspaper headlines suggesting that he had threatened to resign should Bannigan be sold during January. "It was tongue in cheek what I said in the papers," he said.  "But I would be devastated and we'll not let him go. "It would need to be crazy money to let him go. "It would not be worth it for us as he is a key player. "If you let your key player go in January for what would not be a great amount of money would send out all the wrong signals. "However, asked about reported interest by Aberdeen, Archibald said: "It is just paper talk.  There have been a few linked with him. "He's a good player and out of contract and we expect that. "We know he is going to go in the summer - he will get good offers. "But there is no bitterness.  We won't get a fee for him, but we've had four or five years out of him playing at the top of his game.
The most important ground floor rooms in the stately home are to be restored, while the upper floors are to be used for exhibitions and events. The principal rooms are to be recreated as they were in the 18th Century. The 8th Earl of Onslow, whose family rebuilt the house in the 1720s, has said it should remain a ruin. The Palladian mansion near Guildford was bequeathed to the NT in 1956 by the Onslow family. About 95% of the Grade I-listed house, which featured in the 2008 film The Duchess starring Keira Knightley, was damaged. The trust said it was confident a number of principal rooms on the ground floor, including the Marble Hall, Speakers' Parlour and Saloon, could be restored. A spokesman said: "The fact that so many features survived and items from the rooms are being recovered from the ashes made the case for restoration compelling. "The enduring significance of the architect Leoni's original designs means it will go back instead to look at the 18th Century decorative schemes and layout of the house. "The trust said the upper floors were "less architecturally significant" and had already been altered since the house was first built. Helen Ghosh, director general of the National Trust, said: "The fire at Clandon was shocking, but gives us the opportunity not only to show our respect for the heritage of the past, but also to create new heritage for the future. "The loss of so many of the contents of the house means that we cannot return it to how it looked the day before the fire. "However, we now know more about the original layout and recognise that the enduring significance of the house is its architecture. "The trust said it had looked at a number of options for the house to ensure Clandon Park remained open and accessible to the public. A spokesman said the cost of the work was expected to be met largely through the trust's insurance policy, although it would also be asking supporters for donations.
The Uefa general secretary has included the plan in his manifesto for the Fifa election on 26 February. His idea follows European football's governing body Uefa's decision to play Euro 2020 in 13 different countries. "Each confederation shall have to wait at least two editions before being able to host the World Cup again," he said. "This will ensure a more equitable rotation, while giving every confederation the opportunity to organise this unique event. "Furthermore, Fifa should investigate the possibility of organising the World Cup not only in one or two countries but in a whole region, so enabling several countries to enjoy the honour and benefits of hosting the World Cup. "Infantino is one of five candidates standing for the presidency of world football's governing body, which is in crisis following a series of corruption claims. He is up against Sheikh Salman bin Ebrahim Al Khalifa, the Bahraini head of the Asian football confederation (AFC), Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein of Jordan, South Africa's Tokyo Sexwale and Jerome Champagne, a former Fifa deputy secretary general from France. Current Fifa president Sepp Blatter has been banned for eight years from all football-related activities for breaching ethics rules.
Rana Rahimpour was told by US authorities she could not travel under a visa waiver scheme. Under new laws, dual citizens from several nationalities must instead apply for a visa at the US embassy. But Ms Rahimpour said advice from the embassy on whether the rules had been implemented was unclear. The UK foreign office website says the rules come in on 1 April, while the US State Department website says the authorities have "begun the process of implementing changes" to the waiver scheme. Dual citizens fight new US visa rulesIt was only after contacting the agency overseeing the waiver while at the airport, that Ms Rahimpour - a presenter at the BBC's Persian service - was told her nationality excluded her from travelling. Two of her cousins were also prevented from flying.  They had all been due to travel on the flight from Heathrow to a family birthday in the US.Ms Rahimpour described the new rules as "very unfair", pointing out they restrict Iranians who have gained their nationality through marriage or parentage. She tweeted: "My fully #British daughter can't attend her #American cousin's bday cos her mum was born in #Iran. "The new rules, which also affect Iraqi, Syrian and Sudanese dual citizens, have sparked anger. They were enacted in the wake of raised security concerns following the Paris attacks, but a joint statement from European ambassadors warned of dual nationals being "disproportionately and unfairly affected".
Evidence of suspected match-fixing in elite tennis was revealed this week by a BBC and BuzzFeed News investigation. "Future players will see the headlines and see it's not an option at all," doubles representative Fleming told BBC Scotland on Wednesday. "I think if anyone is found to be doing it, that should be them.  They shouldn't be playing again. "Fleming, 31, and his partner Jonathan Erlich, were beaten 6-4, 3-6, 6-3 in the first round of the Australian Open on Wednesday by Robin Haase and Fernando Verdasco. "The key thing about sport is that it's pure, you don't know the outcome of any given match, and that's what people pay to come and watch," he added.  "You never know what's going to happen.  That's key  and they have to preserve that. "I've never been approached to take money or anything to fix a match or lose a match.  It does go on because people have been banned at lower levels.  I'm surprised to see the article come out and talk about higher levels; I certainly haven't been aware of anything going on there. "The Scot said he had no idea as to the identity of the suspected match-fixers, and suggested additional funding could be granted to the Tennis Integrity Unit (TIU), set-up to police the sport. "Your guess is as good as mine," he said of those involved.  "There were no names in the article because it's very difficult to prove anything.  I think that's the issue the TIU has in that a match can be reported or look suspicious, but it doesn't necessarily mean players are guilty. "It can just be people throwing money on a match. "Fleming was adamant, though, that no such activities were occurring in Melbourne. "I think if you're sitting at home or buying a ticket to come and watch here at the Aussie Open, I've no doubt in my mind you're watching pure sporting theatre," he said. "Players going at it and the best player winning on that day.  There's no doubt in my mind that is the case here.
St Elijah's stood on a hill near the northern city of Mosul for 1,400 years. But analysts said the images, obtained by the Associated Press, suggested it had been demolished in late 2014, soon after IS seized the city. A Catholic priest from Mosul warned that its Christian history was "being barbarically levelled". "We see it as an attempt to expel us from Iraq, eliminating and finishing our existence in this land," said Father Paul Thabit Habib, who now lives in Kurdish-administered Irbil. IS has targeted Christians in Iraq and neighbouring Syria, seizing their property and forcing them to convert to Islam, pay a special tax or flee. The group has also demolished a number of monasteries and churches, as well as renowned pre-Islamic sites including Nimrud, Hatra and Nineveh in Iraq and Palmyra in Syria. St Elijah's Monastery, or Deir Mar Elia, was believed to have been constructed by Assyrian monks in the late 6th Century.  It was later claimed by a Chaldean Catholic order. In 1743, its monks were given an ultimatum by Persian forces to convert to Islam.  They refused and as many as 150 were massacred. Had it not been for these satellite images, we would probably not have learnt about the monastery's destruction.  This is because journalists and archaeologists cannot go to IS-controlled areas for security reasons.  But more importantly, IS did not release any video on its propaganda outlets showing the demolition of this particular ancient site. The jihadists have released footage showing themselves destroying shrines, churches and antiquities with sledgehammers and dynamite.  More than 100 churches and monasteries have been razed to the ground in Mosul and the predominantly Christian villages surrounding it, like Bashiqa and Qaraqosh, since they took control of the area in 2014. The militants believe that Islam is the only religion that must be adopted by the followers of other faiths.  And that is why they have targeted minorities and destroyed their places of worship.  Those who have remained in these areas have been forced to choose between conversion and execution. Why IS destroys ancient sitesPalmyra: Blowing ruins to rubbleUnderstanding sadness at loss of sitesFr Thabit told AP that the monastery "became a spiritual place for Christians to visit and to have religious ceremonies, and to ask forgiveness from the saint who founded this monastery". "The monastery attracted all the people from Mosul - Christians and Muslims.  All the poets, historians and travellers wrote about this monastery," he added.  "It became a very important place for the history of the Church in Iraq. "In the 1970s, the monastery became a base for the Iraqi Republican Guard, and in 2003 one of its walls was damaged by the impact of a T-72 tank turret that was hit by a missile during the US-led invasion of Iraq. The US Army used the monastery as a base itself, before a chaplain recognised its importance and a commander ordered it to be cleared. Stephen Wood of Allsource Analysis told AP that the satellite images published on Wednesday suggested  the monastery was destroyed between August and September 2014, two to three months after IS captured Mosul and ordered Christians who had not already fled to leave. The images showed "that the stone walls have been literally pulverized", Mr Wood said.  "Bulldozers, heavy equipment, sledgehammers, possibly explosives turned those stone walls into this field of grey-white dust.  They destroyed it completely. "A security source in Nineveh province separately confirmed to the BBC on Wednesday that IS militants had blown up the monastery, completely destroying it.
India were cruising to their target of 349 - and the highest successful run-chase in Australia - as both Shikhar Dhawan and Virat Kohli made hundreds. But India collapsed from 277-1 to 323 all out as Australia pace bowler Kane Richardson took 5-68. Aaron Finch made 107 and David Warner 93 in Australia's 348-8. The home side had already sealed the five-match series and now lead 4-0, targeting a whitewash in Saturday's final match in Sydney. The World Cup holders have also now won 18 consecutive ODIs on home soil. That run was in severe peril at the Manuka Oval as Kohli and Dhawan added 212 for the second wicket, with Kohli, 27, compiling a 25th one-day hundred to go joint-fourth on the all-time list. But after Dhawan cut John Hastings to point, India imploded. Captain MS Dhoni edged Hastings behind for a second-ball duck and, when Kohli lobbed Richardson to mid-off, India had lost three wickets for one run. Of the rest, only Ravi Jadeja made double figures, with Richardson and Mitchell Marsh running through the tail.
The pair have signed two-year deals with Carlton Fairweather's WSL 1 side. Staniforth, 23, made her Lady Black Cats debut aged 16 and helped the club to the FA Womens' Premier League North title and 2009 Womens' FA Cup final. Canada international Sjoman, 28, has played in America, Germany and England prior to her last move to Glasgow. "They are two players with fantastic experience at the very top level of the game and will bring so much to our squad in terms of competition and quality," Fairweather told the club website.
Sam Vokes turned Owls captain Glenn Loovens, squaring for strike partner Andre Gray to tap in for the visitors. Wednesday equalised when Atdhe Nuhiu headed down Barry Bannan's centre for the onrushing Lee to tuck home. The Clarets could have won it but Vokes could not get a clean contact on substitute Matt Taylor's ball in. The result leaves the hosts a point outside the Championship play-offs, while Burnley are three points behind second-placed Middlesbrough, having played two games more. Burnley had the better of the first half, Kieren Westwood saving superbly on his line from Vokes' header, although their Yorkshire opponents had a penalty appeal waved away by referee Andy Woolmer after Daniel Pudil went down in the box. The Owls threatened more after the interval and new loan signing Aiden McGeady came on for his debut in the final few minutes after joining the club on transfer deadline day. Wednesday have not lost in the Championship at home since the end of August, going 12 games unbeaten, and are level on points with Birmingham, who they visit on Saturday. Sheffield Wednesday head coach Carlos Carvalhal:"We tried to find the second goal but we just couldn't.  I think if anyone was going to win it, it was us.  We'll take the point against one of the strongest teams in the competition. "The second half was nearer to what we can do.  A draw is the correct score in my opinion, but if anyone was going to win it was us. "The negative was that we conceded so early.  The positive is that we got back into it using our heads and our hearts. "Burnley manager Sean Dyche:"I think we arguably had the best chance of the game which we didn't take, but really both teams attempted to play on a really tough pitch.  Overall, it was just about right. "I have been pleased with the players and I'm pleased again.  It's hard to dominate every game and we have dominated a lot lately. "We were really secure in our third and the middle third, I just felt we didn't keep the ball well enough in the final third. "Match ends, Sheffield Wednesday 1, Burnley 1. Second Half ends, Sheffield Wednesday 1, Burnley 1. Attempt saved.  Scott Arfield (Burnley) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.  Assisted by Sam Vokes with a headed pass. Jack Hunt (Sheffield Wednesday) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Sam Vokes (Burnley). Sam Hutchinson (Sheffield Wednesday) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Ben Mee (Burnley). Corner,  Burnley.  Conceded by Daniel Pudil. Foul by Lucas João (Sheffield Wednesday). Ben Mee (Burnley) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed.  David Jones (Burnley) right footed shot from outside the box is too high following a set piece situation. Attempt saved.  Scott Arfield (Burnley) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Foul by Jack Hunt (Sheffield Wednesday). Sam Vokes (Burnley) wins a free kick on the left wing. Substitution, Burnley.  Rouwen Hennings replaces Andre Gray. Substitution, Sheffield Wednesday.  Aiden McGeady replaces Ross Wallace. Foul by Lucas João (Sheffield Wednesday). Ben Mee (Burnley) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt saved.  Ross Wallace (Sheffield Wednesday) left footed shot from long range on the right is saved in the bottom right corner. Michael Keane (Burnley) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Fernando Forestieri (Sheffield Wednesday) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Michael Keane (Burnley). Kieran Lee (Sheffield Wednesday) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Kieran Lee (Sheffield Wednesday). Joey Barton (Burnley) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Sheffield Wednesday.  Lucas João replaces Atdhe Nuhiu. Offside, Burnley.  Stephen Ward tries a through ball, but Scott Arfield is caught offside. Attempt missed.  Barry Bannan (Sheffield Wednesday) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Glenn Loovens (Sheffield Wednesday) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Sam Vokes (Burnley). Fernando Forestieri (Sheffield Wednesday) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by David Jones (Burnley). Kieran Lee (Sheffield Wednesday) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Joey Barton (Burnley). Attempt missed.  Sam Vokes (Burnley) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left.  Assisted by Matthew Taylor with a cross. Attempt missed.  David Jones (Burnley) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Foul by Atdhe Nuhiu (Sheffield Wednesday). Matthew Taylor (Burnley) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Offside, Sheffield Wednesday.  Sam Hutchinson tries a through ball, but Atdhe Nuhiu is caught offside. Foul by Atdhe Nuhiu (Sheffield Wednesday).
Malaysia's attorney general cleared Mr Najib of allegations of corruption on Tuesday after ruling that the money was a donation from the Saudi royal family. Mr Najib had denied that the money came from state investment fund 1MDB.The Saudi source said the donation was made amid concern in Riyadh about the influence of the Muslim Brotherhood. At the time, Malaysia's opposition alliance included the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS).  Its founders were inspired by the Brotherhood, although there is little evidence the Brotherhood actually has much support in Malaysia. Mr Najib's coalition went on to win the election, but with one of its poorest showings in more than 50 years in power. Malaysia's 'mysterious millions' - case solved?1MDB: The case riveting MalaysiaProfile: Najib RazakThe secretive donation to Mr Najib was allegedly paid over in several wire transfers between late March 2013 and early April 2013, just ahead of the election on 5 May. The well-placed Saudi source, who has asked not to be named, told the BBC the payment was authorised from the very top - from Saudi Arabia's late King Abdullah - with funds coming from both his personal finances and state funds. Prince Turki bin Abdullah, one of the king's sons, is reported to have had extensive business dealings in Malaysia. The purpose of the donation was simple, said the Saudi source - it was to help Mr Najib and his coalition win the election, employing a strategic communications team with international experience, focusing on the province of Sarawak, and funding social programmes through party campaigning. But why should the Saudis care about an election in a non-Arab country more than 6,000 km (3,700 miles) away? The answer, the source said, lay in their concerns over the rising power of the Muslim Brotherhood, which they consider a terrorist organisation. The Saudis were already upset at events in Egypt, where President Mohammed Morsi was busy consolidating the Brotherhood's hold on the country. It would be another three months before Mr Morsi was to be deposed by the army, and the Saudis were convinced that the opposition was being supported by the Brotherhood and Qatar, which backed the Brotherhood and other Islamist groups in the Middle East. So how unusual is it for the Saudi royal family to hand over this amount of cash in a personal donation? Not at all, said the Saudi insider, adding that Jordan, Morocco, Egypt and Sudan have all been beneficiaries of multi-$100m donations from the Saudi royal purse. "There is nothing unusual about this donation to Malaysia," he said.  "It is very similar to how the Saudis operate in a number of countries. "Saudi Arabia was quick to support the overthrow of Mr Morsi in Egypt, providing the military-backed government with billions of dollars in aid and loans. Jordan has been the beneficiary of more than $1bn in Saudi development funding, while Riyadh has deposited more than $1bn in Sudan's central bank and signed deals to finance dams on the Nile.  Morocco has been provided with oil, financing, investments and jobs in recent years. However, questions are still being asked about the secretive and convoluted nature of the money transfer, and the fact that Malaysia's prime minister returned 91% of it just four months later.  The remaining $61m has not been accounted for. A British corporate investigator with extensive experience of the Middle East told the BBC that the $681m was paid through the Singapore branch of a Swiss bank owned by the rulers of Abu Dhabi. "It is very murky", he said.  "This case will never be fully cleared up until the Saudis and the Malaysians release all the transaction data, and that has not happened. "There has been growing outrage in some circles in Malaysia that the attorney-general has closed the file on this case and cleared the prime minister of any offences. Clare Rewcastle Brown, who has reported extensively on the issue for the Sarawak Report, said the claim that the payment to Mr Najib was a Saudi royal donation for political purposes needed to be treated "with considerable caution". She told the BBC that the $681m was far more likely to be connected to money raised by 1MDB, much of which is reported to have gone missing.
Quinn, 30, is available for Sunday's Scottish League Cup semi-final against Celtic. He was on the bench in the Dons' third-round defeat by Hibernian but did not feature. Following spells at Motherwell, Cardiff City and Doncaster Rovers, Quinn spent a season with County before joining Aberdeen last summer. He has made more than 360 senior appearances and was capped by Scotland's Under-21 side earlier in his career. For all the latest transfers check out our transfer deals page.
"The most scared I've ever been," says Scotland's open-side flanker. The setting is a building in Queenstown on New Zealand's south island -  a holiday resort about an hour and a half from Dipton, the farming country where Hardie was born and reared. Legend has it that there was a fire in Lockhart's place in the late 1800s.  Three generations of the family perished. Only a girl called Mary survived - and she haunts the place to this day.  Many Kiwis have gone there over the years and many talk of the sense of foreboding that exists behind that main door. Hardie's now one of them.  Chilled to the bone, he says.  "Never going back.  Never ever. "The fact that Lockhart's gaff is part of a theme park called Fear Factory - New Zealand's equivalent of the Edinburgh Dungeons - is neither here nor there to Hardie. When you ask him what's the most tense he has ever been in his life, you don't hear tales of his early years playing for the Southland Stags in Invercargill, or the time he came face-to-face with some assassin in Super Rugby. He mentions the Fear Factory instead.  "I went with my girlfriend about a year ago," he said.  "It's pitch dark and you have to follow this red light around these alleyways. "You don't know where you're going then these creatures start jumping out at you.  Terrifying.  Once was enough. "I don't normally go in for that kind of stuff, but I did a bungee jump once and I'm not doing that again either.  Give me a hard game of rugby instead. "Afraid of the dark? It doesn't tally with Hardie's tough persona. Hardie, 27, is a strange animal - a Scotland international who has never played an international in Scotland, his five caps being won in Turin, Paris, Gloucester, Newcastle and at Twickenham in that epic World Cup quarter-final against Australia. A measure of his success since his sudden elevation to the Scotland squad in the summer has been the silencing of the debate surrounding his arrival.  One minute, he was a Highlander who wanted to be an All Black and the next a Scot - with a granny from Fife - in the World Cup team. His ascent jarred, but the quality of his game has overtaken everything.  He was terrific at the World Cup, his dynamism and cleverness at the breakdown helping to protect and unleash the rapiers in his backline. "It's one of the best things I've done in my life," he says of his move from what he calls the "comfort zone" of Highlanders rugby.  "Having won a cap, I owed it to Scotland to stay here and playing for Edinburgh has been a really good decision. "I got into too much of a routine in New Zealand and it was good to get out of it.  I needed something different in my career - a change in scenery, new players, new coaches. "I love the Highlanders, but it was time to try something else.  But it was nerve-racking coming here.  It was like going back to school again.  I wasn't entirely sure what to expect. "He talks about that day against the Wallabies, but only briefly.  "We had to suck it up. " That's it?" No torment, no ghosts?"Nah.  We have to learn the lessons, that's all.  Nothing else we can do. "Nobody should mistake the emotionless matter-of-fact response to a heartbreaking loss as indifference.  It's just the Kiwi in him.  What's done is done.  You move forwards, you don't look backwards. What about Scotland's habit of losing big games at the death, though? There was that Australia match and the Italy game in the Six Nations just before.  There was the France game in the 2014 Six Nations, lost to a penalty two minutes from the end despite France losing eight line-outs and losing the possession and territory battle by a wide margin. Scottish sides, routinely, come up with novel ways of shooting themselves in the foot. Most recently, Glasgow Warriors lost a Champions Cup match to Northampton in the closing minutes, a defeat that put paid to their European hopes, and Hardie's Edinburgh team collapsed close to the finishing line against Grenoble last weekend, a late capitulation which led to them exiting the European Champions Cup. You keep hitting him with this stuff and it doesn't put a dent on him.  Zero points scored in the second half against France in the 2015 Six Nations.  Another zero in the second half against England and yet another zero against Ireland. Only three points scored in the second half against Italy despite having 61% possession and spending 62% of the second period in the opposition half. He says he doesn't know much about what happened before he arrived on these shores.  "As a kid, I used to watch the Six Nations, but not live," he said. "I'd watch it in the morning.  I've always known that it was a fantastic thing.  But that stuff about what happened in previous seasons doesn't bother me. "I mean, we were points down against Samoa in the World Cup and we won it late on and that was as big a game as any. "I don't think there's a mental barrier.  I'm new to it all, but I can't sense anything like that. "I don't see any fear, there's no blockage.  We scored lots of tries at the World Cup.  Lots of line-breaks.  I think there's a lot of improvement. "His knowledge of the Calcutta Cup is from across the other side of the world.  He's never played in it, watched it in the flesh, or even watched it live on television.  There's a hurricane coming his way on 6 February and he knows it. "The boys have told me about it, but I know that Scotland v England is massive, it's one of the great fixtures," he said.  "I'm not a great watcher of other teams, but there's a lot of change going on with England.  New coach, lots of new players, lots of excitement.  They've got a fresh start and they'll be fizzing. "This is why you play rugby, for the pressure, for games like this, for tournaments like the Six Nations. "Everything is in our own hands.  Whatever happened before, happened.  I see a hungry bunch of boys with all the talent you need to do well and a set of coaches who are working night and day to try to make it happen. "In the midst of all this, there is the unflappable son of Dipton.  "It's about the length of the three rugby pitches.  There's about 30 houses, a dairy, a wool shop and a garage.  Population of a couple of hundred. "And, on 6 February, he says, they will all become honorary Scots.  As long as nobody switches the lights out, their boy, you'd wager, will have a big say in what happens.
Some operations have been cancelled and extra staff drafted in to deal with a surge of patients over the weekend. The Bristol Royal Infirmary, Southmead Hospital and Weston General hospitals are affected. More beds are being opened but people are urged not to go to A&E unless they have a "life-threatening" condition. Instead they are urged to go to minor injury units, chemists and GP surgeries, or to call the NHS on 111. A black alert, the highest level, means hospital services are unable to cope with demand.  The three hospitals were last on black alert earlier this month. The number of people in hospital for more than two weeks is much higher than usual, said an NHS spokesman. A surge of patients during last week's cold snap has added to pressure. The black alert is likely to stay in place for days.  Extra ambulance staff are being used to transfer patients into hospital, to prevent ambulances queuing and district nurses are being deployed to hospitals, to help find community beds for patients well enough to leave. Bristol GP Peter Goyder said an increase in hospital admissions together with "a higher number of very ill patients who need to stay in hospital for longer" had contributed to the situation. Analysis of the most recent figures suggests hospitals in England are struggling to meet the four-hour target for treating or admitting 95% of patients. Three hospitals in Cornwall also went on black alert this month, as did two in Somerset.
Watkins has been banned for four years after he tested positive for the anabolic steroid nandrolone and the stimulant methylhexaneamine. He joins team-mate Shaun Cleary, who has been banned for two years as benzoylecgonine, a cocaine metabolite, was found in his system. Both players tested positive before a friendly against Bridgend Ravens RFC.UKAD Director of Legal, Graham Arthur said: "Ryan Watkins deliberately ingested nandrolone and methylhexaneamine without any consideration for his responsibilities as an athlete. "By making this conscious choice to dope, Watkins has chosen to cheat his team-mates, the opposition and his sport. "I hope this case will act as strong deterrent to other young amateur players - the risks to your playing career, your reputation and more importantly to your health, just aren't worth it. "Speaking about Cleary, Mr Arthur said:  "Although Mr Cleary used cocaine three days before playing, cocaine was still in his system when he played. "Cocaine is banned from sport and athletes are solely responsible for what is in their system, regardless of whether there is an intention to cheat or not. "Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Martyn Phillips said about Cleary: "This case serves as a strong warning to everyone in the game that non-compliance with anti-doping rules carries grave consequences. "Whether intentional, or inadvertent, players have a responsibility to themselves, to each other, to their clubs and to the sport to act within the rules and spirit of the game. "We work closely with UK Anti-Doping and fully adhere to the World Anti-Doping Code.  There is no room in the code for carelessness or not knowing. "We will be relentless in working with UKAD to follow up leads that out players who dope in Welsh rugby. "Maesteg Harlequins are mid-table in Welsh National League Division One West Central and Cleary has been banned until 10 October, 2017.  Watkins is banned until 11 September 2019.
Gatland won a first clean sweep in his maiden Six Nations as coach in 2008 after Wales' disappointing 2007 World Cup display. He guided Wales to a second Grand Slam in 2012 after narrowly missing out on the 2011 World Cup final. "We were disappointed not getting to the final in 2011," he said. "We feel a little bit the same this time around. "There's a little bit of frustration as we felt we could have gone a bit further in the World Cup, although we were proud of what we achieved given the number of injuries we had. "Wales qualified alongside Australia from their World Cup pool despite a host of injuries to key players such as Leigh Halfpenny, Jonathan Davies and Rhys Webb. Wales were knocked out of the World Cup by two-time champions South Africa in the quarter-final despite leading with 10 minutes remaining. Webb and Halfpenny are still out injured, but centre Davies has returned while backs Liam Williams and Hallam Amos are returning to fitness. Wales hold the record of Championship victories - 26 outright and 12 shared - and a third Grand Slam in nine years would mean they join England on a record 12 Grand Slams. Media playback is not supported on this deviceIreland are bidding to become the first side ever to win the Championship three times in a row and Wales coach Gatland said: "You can't look past the Irish. "The New Zealander also said that England under new coach Eddie Jones are an "unknown quantity" in "a really open competition". Wales begin their Six Nations bid against the defending champions in Dublin - the same venue where the Welsh began their 2012 Grand Slam campaign. "We're in pretty good shape," added Gatland, himself a former Ireland coach. "There's a few new coaches this year and the familiarly will help us put things together quickly. "Our time together at the World Cup is invaluable preparation and potentially a slight advantage. "It is massive that we're going away to Dublin first and if we can win that first game, the next game at home against Scotland is six days later. "Momentum is huge in this competition.
The Belgium international, 24, changed the game from the bench but fell awkwardly in injury time. His agent Patrick de Koster initially said De Bruyne would miss six weeks. But, after seeing a specialist, the £55m former Wolfsburg player said: "I'll be out for around 10 weeks. "De Bruyne could miss up to 13 league and cup games, including the League Cup final with Liverpool on 28 February, both legs of the Champions League last-16 tie with Dynamo Kiev and the Manchester derby on 20 March. The Belgian is City's second top goalscorer with 12 this season, four behind striker Sergio Aguero. De Koster added: "Kevin told me the only thing he can do is work hard and come back.  Kevin is sad.  His dream is to always be playing football. "De Bruyne scored one goal and set up another to help City to a 4-3 aggregate victory over the Toffees. Everton goalkeeper Joel Robles, who repeatedly tried to lift up De Bruyne as he lay injured, used social media to say sorry. "I would like to apologise to Kevin de Bruyne for my reaction to his injury," said the 25-year-old Spaniard. "In the heat of the moment I didn't realise he was badly hurt.  I wish him all the best and a speedy recovery.
Together with her business partner Joan Murphy, each jogged with their toddlers in front of them in pushchairs. It's this serious passion for health and fitness that brought the two then-20 somethings together when they met on a trip to Cornwall with mutual friends back in 2007. Forming a bond over surfing, they lamented what they both saw as a lack of fun fitness options available in the UK capital. Returning to London, they batted around business ideas during runs in Hyde Park, or over a few gins and tonics after work in the advertising industry, where both were employed.  Meanwhile, weekend mornings were spent researching possible locations to open a gym. Within a month the duo had hatched their plan to create a new type of female-friendly gym called Frame. The aim was to run energetic and feel-good classes covering everything from dance to "rocket yoga", and "dynamic Pilates". Their ambition was to radicalise the fitness market, which they felt was staid due to a lack of innovation. Crux to the strategy was introducing a pay-as-you-go model, giving their customers the flexibility to drop in on classes, such dance sessions as "Frame Rave", "Music Video" and "80s Aerobics", without having any commitment to go to more. Armed with a bank loan, the pair quit their jobs and launched Frame's first gym, or as they call it, "fitness studio", in Shoreditch, east London, in 2009. "It was all a bit of a whirlwind," recalls Ms Black, 33, a former England hockey player. "We just clicked.  Joan had just returned back from New Zealand [her home country], and had looked at what was happening in the fitness industry there"And in true Joan style she sucked me in and decided to tell me what we were going to do, which is quite useful in a business partner.  I quite like that. "Ms Murphy, 35, says Frame was unique when it started out. "We were the first multi-disciplined pay-as you-go studio," she says. "If you wanted to go to Pilates [at a studio] you had to pay up front for 10 classes.  There was no fitness pay-as-you-go. "If you didn't want to buy gym membership because you only wanted to go once or twice a week there was nothing.  We wanted to put all the disciplines under one roof and make it accessible. "However, before their venture even got off the ground, Frame faced a major setback. Days before their Shoreditch venue was set to open, a road closure meant there was no access to the gym. "There was no through road," says Ms Black.  "So we had to wait six months before opening.  We had handed out flyers, recruited teachers. "With the postponement of the fitness studio and bills mounting, they both took temporary jobs - Ms Murphy as a carer for the elderly, and Ms Black looking after children. When Frame was eventually up and running, both got stuck into the day-to-day operations, each clocking up 30 hours a week either on reception, or as an instructor, on top of running the business. "We were a proper start-up," says Ms Murphy.   "But it wasn't just about starting a fitness business, it was what we wanted to do. "Thanks to positive word of mouth, and some advertising, Frame's customer numbers quickly grew. Further helped by the continuing growth of the UK health and fitness market, which according to industry figures is now worth Â£4. 3bn per year, Frame has since taken out additional bank loans to open two further London outposts in Queen's Park and King's Cross. The expanding empire has swelled Frame's turnover to Â£2. 8m in 2015, up from Â£2. 1m on the previous year. Opening more gyms is now firmly on the agenda for the two ambitious women, who in December received funding from angel investors. "We're keen to cut our teeth outside of London, and our growth plans in the long term are quite big," says Ms Black. The goal is to open two new gyms per year, and mooted first locations include Brighton, Bristol and Manchester.  They also currently have a month-long pop-up gym near Old Street tube station, in east London. Frame has also tapped into other revenue streams, such as having cafes at its venues.  There has also been a move into clothing, with a second sportswear collaboration with High Street fashion chain Whistles set to launch in May. And while women remain the main focus, men can join Frame, and in fact now make up 20% of customers. Paul Davis, a senior leisure and technology analyst at market research group Mintel, says Frame's success is down to two main reasons - its upmarket offering, and its range of classes. "Whilst the vast majority of growth in the health and fitness club market can be attributed to the growth of the "no-frills" budget gym sector - city-based fitness boutiques such as Frame look to deliver an elite experience at the other end of the scale," he says. "By focusing on areas outside of traditional gym activities such as dance classes and post-natal Pilates the studio appeals to a predominantly female demographic, who may not otherwise show an interest in joining a typical fitness club. "But why the name Frame? Ms Murphy says: "It's about a healthy, happy frame of mind, a frame out of your day. "She adds that the company also wants people "to move their frame with us".
The Â£45m facility, to be built at Sutherland Drive in Kilmarnock, will house primary and secondary schools, a Gaelic school and a childcare centre. East Ayrshire Council said it would ask permission from the McIlvanney family to name the campus in his honour. The renowned writer was born and educated in Kilmarnock. Council leader Douglas Reid said he was delighted to be able to "preserve" the William McIlvanney name in Kilmarnock as the writer was "passionate about the provision of good education for young people". McIlvanney became an English teacher after graduating from Glasgow University but changed career in 1975 to write full time. He gained immediate recognition with the publication of his first novel - Remedy Is None - and through other works he earned the title of "Godfather of Tartan Noir". McIlvanney wrote the acclaimed Laidlaw trilogy and other Glasgow-based works such as Docherty and The Big Man. He was also an influential poet, journalist and broadcaster, and contributed to political and sporting life in Scotland through a series of columns and TV programmes. The novelist died at his Glasgow home on 5 December.
The 40-year-old took over in 2012 and has guided Leigh to the Championship title in each of the past two years. They won just one game in The Qualifiers in 2015 as they missed out on a place in Super League. "It is with a heavy heart I have decided to resign as coach," said Rowley in a statement. "My reasons for leaving are personal and I will not comment further in public or in private.
Dyke, appointed in 2013, had intended to stand for a further year. However, he said that opposition to proposed reforms from some FA councillors and a minority of board members had made him reconsider. When he succeeded David Bernstein, Dyke, 68, said England should aim to reach the semi-finals of Euro 2020 and win the World Cup in 2022. He believes football is in a better place financially, administratively and from a coaching standpoint than when he took over in 2013. However, he said it would be a "fight" to convince the FA Council to see through other "much-needed, significant reform". Media playback is not supported on this deviceIn a statement, he added: "I had already decided that if no reform was possible I was going to leave anyway this summer, a position I had shared with a number of colleagues. "What I now see is that even if we get the reform through, I am probably not the best person to pick up the pieces following the inevitable discord. "Dyke, a former director general of the BBC, has pursued policies aiming at modernising the FA and increasing the number of English players in the Premier League. He made headlines by making a throat-cutting gesture when England were drawn in the same 2014 World Cup group as Italy and Uruguay. Earlier this month, Dyke, an outspoken critic of Fifa under Sepp Blatter, said "we should shoot ourselves" if England failed to make it out of the group stages at Euro 2016 in France. Listen to reaction to Dyke's announcement on BBC Radio 5 live's Football Daily podcast. Berstein said he was "not particularly surprised" by the decision, claiming neither he nor Dyke had made "any substantial change" because pushing reforms through is "extremely difficult". "I can understand his frustration, which matches my frustration," Bernstein told BBC Radio 5 live Sport. He suggested only "outside intervention" from the Government or a regulator would make a significant difference. Media playback is not supported on this deviceBBC Radio 5 live's sports news correspondent Richard Conway answers questions raised by Dyke's decision. Q: Why is Dyke frustrated?A: Back in 2014, Dyke called the FA Council "overwhelmingly male and overwhelmingly white" and believes its members, who are drawn from the professional and amateur ranks of the game, do not represent the modern English game. However, they help decide major policy issues and a significant number of the 120 that make up the council will lose their positions if the changes being put forward are adopted. Q: What will happen now?Dyke has a reputation as a political bruiser. Given he will now be leaving in June, he may feel liberated to try to push through the changes that he and the majority of the FA board believe are vital without needing to tiptoe around the sensitivities of FA members. Q: Where does this leave the FA?A: The FA are prepared for change because Dyke turns 70 in 2017 and would have been forced to step down any way, but this is a period of intense change for the FA.There have been significant redundancies and cost cutting in an attempt to reshape the organisation's focus and provide the necessary finance for the proposed 150 football hubs due to be built across 30 English cities with FA and government funding. Q: Who will succeed him?A: There's no question that Dyke revels in his reputation as being outspoken.  He is almost the exact opposite of his predecessor, the quiet and reserved Bernstein. It's anyone's guess at this stage which direction the FA will seek to go in this time, but they have six months to find his successor.
The 22-year-old has not appeared for Shrewsbury this season, but has played once for Mansfield Town and four times for Wrexham while on loan. Bolton youth product Caton has also played for Blackpool and has loan spells with Accrington and Chester before joining Shrewsbury in 2014. Caton follows Jamie McCombe, 33, in signing for the National League side. The centre-back, who played 101 games for the club during his first spell, has left Stevenage and signed a contract until the end of the 2016-17 season.
Lucas failed to complete the first of the 10-race series but recovered to win seven of the next nine. The 40-year-old is the only confirmed member of the British Paralympic team for the Rio Games. "It's been a really good regatta and great to start 2016 off with a win," she said. "We have had some great winds and some good conditions in different directions which has made it a good regatta. "The Sonar crew of John Robertson, Hannah Stodel and Stephen Thomas missed out on a medal by finishing fourth. The trio were second behind Canada going into the final day but three fifth places ended their medal hopes.
The Nigeria international has been on loan at Qatari club Al Ain this season. "I'm very happy and very excited that I'm here," 28-year-old Emenike told the club's website. "I have always known West Ham as a great club.  I have known [manager Slaven] Bilic for years and thank God we are here together. "Bilic previously managed Besiktas, based in Istanbul, Turkey - the city rivals of Fenerbahce. Emenike, who has scored nine goals in 37 international appearances, becomes the club's second signing of the January transfer window, after Leeds defender Sam Byram. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The hosts had Josh Passley dismissed for bringing down Garry Thompson before Wycombe went ahead when Paul Hayes fired home Paris Cowan-Hall's ball. Thompson later saw red for a challenge on Joss Labadie and the Daggers drew level through Luke Guttridge's tap in. Wycombe won it when Cowan-Hall headed over keeper Mark Cousins from close in. Dagenham remain in the relegation places, while Wycombe move up to sixth spot, above Leyton Orient on goal difference. Dagenham & Redbridge manager John Still told BBC Radio London:Media playback is not supported on this device"I know that we're capable that we're winning four or five games together.  The side's getting stronger. "The power in the team is beginning to come through.  We showed good quality. ""As long as we keep to the pattern that we're working to, I think the rest will slip into place.  There's so much good stuff, so much energy in our team today.  We went down to ten men and you wouldn't have noticed.
Barcelona said it paid €57m (£43m) for Neymar in 2013 but investigators say the fee was closer to €83m and Barcelona concealed part of the deal. Neymar spent an hour and a half before the judge. He has previously denied wrongdoing, in an interview with Brazilian media. Leaving court, the football star signed autographs for fans. Barcelona FC says his parents, Neymar da Silva Santos and Nadine Goncalves da Silva Santos, received €40m and his former club, Santos, was paid €17m. Neymar's father, who arrived at court with him on Tuesday evening, acts as his agent. The case was brought by Brazilian third-party investment fund DIS, which owned 40% of the Brazilian player's sports rights. DIS alleges it was financially harmed by the transfer when it received €6. 8m of Santos's €17m fee and argues it was deprived of its full share. Barcelona FC President Josep Maria Bartomeu and his predecessor, Sandro Rosell, were called to give evidence at the court in Madrid on Monday, but they refused to testify.  They insisted instead on the version of events they had given at a previous hearing. In a statement on Monday, the club said: "They are not worried and said they have confidence in justice. "The pair are also accused in a separate case of defrauding the Spanish tax office of an estimated €13m.  They deny the allegations. Neymar's move to Barcelona FC has been a big success on the pitch.  The striker became part of a goal-scoring trio with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez. In 2015, Neymar helped the club win five trophies and came third in the Fifa Ballon d'Or competition.  He also scored in the Uefa Champions League final against Juventus. But the 23-year-old has also encountered legal difficulties in Brazil, where a court has frozen $47m (£33m) of his assets in connection with suspected tax evasion between 2011 and 2013.
3 February 2016 Last updated at 08:07 GMTThe British astronaut has been up there for six weeks, but took time out to speak to children and share some experiments. Leah went to meet some of kids lucky enough to be able to talk direct to the astronaut. . .
Redrow Homes South Wales has submitted plans for up to 630 houses on land north and south of Llantrisant Road, in Radyr. An outline application for about 1,000 homes in Lisvane has been put forward by South Wales Land Developments Ltd. Planning committee councillors will consider both applications, which are recommended for approval, at a meeting on 10 February. A primary school and community centre are also included in the plans for both developments. More than 90 residents have previously objected to the Lisvane proposal, which forms part of the council's Local Development Plan (LDP).
The Potters' record signing, who arrived in January, powered home to give the visitors a half-time lead. Ibrahim Afellay struck a sweet second for Stoke, and substitute Joselu made it 3-0 two minutes later. Matt Ritchie responded immediately for the Cherries, but his left-footed strike proved to be a mere consolation. Media playback is not supported on this deviceIt was Stoke's first away win in 2016 and only their second league victory in seven attempts. Mark Hughes's side move up to ninth in the table, five points off the European places, while Bournemouth remain 15th and four points above the relegation zone. Relive Stoke's win over BournemouthFollow reaction to Saturday's gamesStoke had been on the end of three consecutive 3-0 defeats in the league, and had failed to get on the score sheet for a month. But they looked clinical from the outset at the Vitality Stadium, even without Marko Arnautovic and Bojan in the side. Frenchman Imbula, who signed from Marseille for £18. 3m on transfer deadline day, opened his Stoke account in only his second appearance by racing onto the ball and thrashing home. A superb counter-attack led to their second, as the impressive Jon Walters held the ball up before feeding to Afellay, who swept home his first ever Premier League goal. And only moments after coming on for the injured Glen Johnson, Joselu grabbed a third with a rising header after a pinpoint ball from Xherdan Shaqiri. Bournemouth enjoyed 62% of the possession in the first-half but failed to really test Stoke goalkeeper Jack Butland - bar a looping effort from Charlie Daniels. Benik Afobe had scored three in five games since joining from Wolves in January but looked out of his depth at times, and only managed two touches in the box during the first 45 minutes. Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe brought on Scotland international Ritchie for the second half, along with Josh King, and the wide pair made a huge difference going forward. Ritchie scored with a clinical effort from the edge of the box, and he almost grabbed a second from King's ball in, as Stoke struggled to cope without injured defenders Johnson and Marc Muniesa. But eventually the Cherries faded and they were unable to pull off an unlikely comeback, leaving them with back-to-back league defeats. Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe: "They were quite compact and deep and I thought they were very respectful of how we played and the first moments of the game I was expecting us to have a really good afternoon but the goal seemed to change the game. Media playback is not supported on this device"I think the quality of their goals was really high and their first goal was a great strike, their third goal was very well worked but their second goal was the one I think we are really disappointed with. "Stoke boss Mark Hughes: "It was a really pleasing away performance, we came here with a good game plan. "We conceded a bit of possession, more than we usually do but we felt we could get good opportunities on the break.  With the personnel that we have got we could cause Bournemouth a problem. "Bournemouth welcome Everton in the FA Cup fifth round before travelling to Watford in the league the following week. Stoke have a week off before hosting bottom club Aston Villa on 27 February. Match ends, Bournemouth 1, Stoke City 3. Second Half ends, Bournemouth 1, Stoke City 3. Juan Iturbe (Bournemouth) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Erik Pieters (Stoke City). Attempt missed.  Xherdan Shaqiri (Stoke City) left footed shot from more than 35 yards misses to the left. Giannelli Imbula (Stoke City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Harry Arter (Bournemouth) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Giannelli Imbula (Stoke City). Attempt saved.  Jonathan Walters (Stoke City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.  Assisted by Stephen Ireland. Harry Arter (Bournemouth) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Harry Arter (Bournemouth). Xherdan Shaqiri (Stoke City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Adam Smith (Bournemouth) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Xherdan Shaqiri (Stoke City). Corner,  Bournemouth.  Conceded by Dionatan Teixeira. Attempt blocked.  Steve Cook (Bournemouth) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Adam Smith (Bournemouth) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Erik Pieters (Stoke City). Benik Afobe (Bournemouth) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Glenn Whelan (Stoke City). Substitution, Stoke City.  Stephen Ireland replaces Ibrahim Afellay. Simon Francis (Bournemouth) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Simon Francis (Bournemouth). Jonathan Walters (Stoke City) wins a free kick on the left wing. Matt Ritchie (Bournemouth) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Giannelli Imbula (Stoke City). Corner,  Bournemouth.  Conceded by Glenn Whelan. Charlie Daniels (Bournemouth) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Xherdan Shaqiri (Stoke City). Adam Smith (Bournemouth) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Joselu (Stoke City). Attempt missed.  Harry Arter (Bournemouth) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left following a corner. Corner,  Bournemouth.  Conceded by Philipp Wollscheid. Matt Ritchie (Bournemouth) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Erik Pieters (Stoke City). Foul by Simon Francis (Bournemouth). Erik Pieters (Stoke City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Bournemouth.  Juan Iturbe replaces Junior Stanislas. Andrew Surman (Bournemouth) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Andrew Surman (Bournemouth).
The Spiders' David Galt headed against the outside of the post before Shire took the lead. Thomas Orr took advantage of Bryan Wharton's poor header to burst through on goal and finish past William Muir. David McKenna doubled the advantage from close range and Scott Ferries' effort completed the win.
The suspected bomber was reportedly blown out of the plane in the incident shortly after take-off from Mogadishu. More than 20 people have been arrested in connection with the incident, a government spokesman told BBC Somali. Most of the passengers, including the alleged bomber, were said to have been originally booked on Turkish Airlines. No group has said it carried out the bombing but al-Shabab, part of al-Qaeda, is based in Somalia. Africa Live: BBC news updatesMost of the 74 passengers on board the flight to Djibouti were transferred from Turkish Airlines, according to Mohamed Ibrahim Yasin Olad, head of Daallo Airlines, which operated the Airbus 321 that was bombed. "We were informed about the change a few hours before departure time," he told the BBC.Mr Olad said he was told the Turkish Airlines flight was cancelled because of bad weather. Local media had reported that Turkish Airlines had suspended its flights from Mogadishu in December following a failed al-Shabab attack on the airport. Turkish Airlines spokesman Yahya Ustun told Reuters news agency the carrier had cancelled a flight to Mogadishu last week due to atmospheric conditions and said the company would not make any further comment. In the video, a man in an orange hi-visibility vest is shown walking with a man in a blue shirt holding what looks like a laptop.  Another man in a hat approaches them and it is alleged that the laptop is handed over. Aviation expert David Learmont, however, is sceptical that the video is all that conclusive. "I don't think that anybody knows for sure if this is the transaction that was behind the bombing," he told the BBC's Focus on Africa radio programme. The explosion on the Daallo Airlines flight happened about 15 minutes after take-off, when the plane was only at around 11,000ft (3,350m) and the cabin was not yet pressurised. It was able to make an emergency landing at Mogadishu airport. Serbian captain Vlatko Vodopivec said at the time he and others were told the explosion was caused by a bomb. Daallo Airlines flies regularly from its base in Dubai to Somalia and Djibouti. Somalia is battling militant Islamist group al-Shabab that has been carrying out deadly attacks in its quest to establish an Islamic state.
Aiton, 30, had scans to diagnose the injury on Monday. He joined the Dragons from Leeds at the end of 2015, and missed the end of the last campaign with an arm injury. The Papua New Guinea player played 94 games for both Wakefield and Leeds following his move from Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in 2012.
Isis Academy in Oxford said it had rebranded as "Iffley Academy" to protect its "reputation, integrity and image". The name 'Isis' was originally chosen as the school is near to the section of the River Thames of the same name. Formerly Iffley Mead School, it became Isis Academy in 2013. A statement issued by the school said it had changed name following "the unforeseen rise of ISIS (also known as ISIL and the Islamic State) and related global media coverage of the activities of the group". "Our priority is to remove the detrimental impact which the name 'Isis' had on pupils, their families and our staff. "Last year a language school in the city removed Isis from its name for the same reason. The Isis is the name given to the part of the River Thames above Iffley Lock in Oxford.  It is also the name of the goddess wife of the god Osiris in Egyptian beliefs.
The 31-year-old has joined the Spitfires on a deal until the end of the season. Tubbs could be handed his Eastleigh debut in the National League game at Kidderminster on Tuesday. Ex-Bournemouth striker Tubbs has scored five goals for League Two side Portsmouth this season but he has not featured for Pompey since October.
The oil firm said revenues in the year fell 27% to £1. 6bn as the price of oil continued to fall in 2015. It is the second year in a row the oil company has reported a loss.  In 2014, it reported a loss of £2bn. Tullow also warned there was a risk it could fail to comply with its financial covenants this year. Financial covenants are agreements that companies make with their lenders to maintain a stable financial position. Oil prices have slumped by 70% since the middle of 2014, with many of the oil majors cutting back investment on exploration and production. That has also led to the loss of more than 5,000 jobs in the North Sea oil industry. Tullow said it could cut annual capital expenditure to as low as $300m in 2017, down from $1. 1bn planned for 2016, if market conditions did not improve. The firm said it had reduced headcount of 37% and was on track to deliver cash savings of around $500m over three years. It also said it would pay no dividend in 2015. Tullow Oil chief executive Aidan Heavey said: "Our challenge in 2016 is to be equally robust in responding to the uncertainties that remain in the sector. "He added: ".  As we look ahead, we have a portfolio of world class, low cost oil assets which will produce around 100,000 barrels per day in 2017 and  a major position in one of the world's newest, low cost, oil provinces in East Africa, both enabling us to create substantial value.
The portal, for the match against Poland, will be open to supporters on a priority list who were were informed they had missed out on Tuesday. UEFA is to make about 1,000 extra tickets available to Northern Ireland fans. Northern Ireland are  to play Poland, Ukraine and Germany in France in June. On Tuesday, the IFA said it was "inundated" with calls from angry Northern Ireland fans unable to purchase tickets. Some fans who said they ranked near the top of the IFA's 'priority list' missed out on tickets for the Poland game. Particularly affected were fans who applied for category 3 tickets, the second cheapest kind. "We discovered there was an issue yesterday morning on this with quite a number of people finding they hadn't got tickets in category 3 for the Poland game," IFA chief executive Patrick Nelson said. "We got straight onto Uefa and with Uefa's senior management team, we've worked through that issue now.  We've identified with Uefa that there's almost another 1,000 tickets that they're going to make available for us, particularly for those fans. "The 900 or so fans that we're talking about here will have priority access, in fact specific access, to a portal that Uefa are setting up and they should be able to buy tickets. "We've been talking to Uefa for not quite the last 24 hours, but probably 21 of the last 24 hours over this and we're fairly confident that Uefa will manage this in the right way. "A points system had been put in place for the games to establish a priority list for tickets, favouring fans who had attended the most matches at home and abroad. However, on Tuesday Gary McAllister from the Amalgamation of Official NI Supporters Clubs said many fans were now asking whether the loyalty scheme has been implemented correctly. He missed out on a ticket to the Poland game, despite having 27 loyalty points out of a possible 29. In the Republic of Ireland, fans have not yet heard if they have been successful in securing tickets. Irish Times chief football writer Emmet Malone said the experience of Northern Ireland supporters has worried fans in the Republic of Ireland. Speaking to BBC's Good Morning Ulster programme on Wednesday, Mr Malone said there was "a lot of pessimism" among Ireland fans. "The FAI [Football Association of Ireland] is supposed to start informing people, possibly as early as this afternoon, as to who got tickets here," he said. "But our applications were far more oversubscribed than the IFA's, so a lot of people are very concerned about what will happen. "Mr Malone said there was particular concern that the FAI's loyalty scheme was only introduced in 2015, so is it relatively new. "The FAI have  been quite vague with fan groups over requests to publish the points that everybody has, how the categories break down, who's going to be compared with who in terms of pecking order. "That vagueness is going to lead to an awful lot of bad feeling here over the next few days.
10 February 2016 Last updated at 14:11 GMTA team at the University of Sussex put heart monitors on horses and showed them pictures of faces to see how they reacted to different emotions. They found that the angry faces made the horses' heart rates speed up quicker than the happy faces. Amy Smith, one of the researchers, explains more.
The ex-Middlesbrough assistant, who held the same post at Hartlepool under Colin Cooper from 2013 to 2014, succeeded Ronnie Moore on Wednesday. Moore parted company with Pools after Tuesday's 2-1 home defeat by Stevenage. "The quality I've seen in training, the intensity and the tempo took me by surprise a bit," Hignett told BBC Tees. "I'm walking into a positive situation.  Results and performances haven't been the same, the group of players I've seen today are more than capable of beating teams in this league. "Former Tranmere and Rotherham boss Moore helped retain Hartlepool's Football League status last term after his appointment in December 2014. However despite a run of four straight wins at the start of the campaign, form tailed off and Hignett will go into Saturday's home game against Yeovil looking for a first win in five with his side four points above the relegation zone. "First and foremost we need to get away from where we are," he added. "I need to get my message across to the team quickly because there will be a change in style. "Liverpudlian Hignett is a self-confessed relaxed and jovial character, but says that will have no impact on his performance with reference to Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp. "Tell Jurgen Klopp that [you have to be serious], there's a time to be serious and a time where you don't have to be," he added. "I do like a laugh and a joke, but when I'm serious I'm serious, there's a time and a place. "Training we have to be serious, match-day ultra serious, but after the game - win lose or draw - I'll be me. "If I want to have a laugh and joke afterwards, as long as the result isn't too bad then I will. "Since Hignett's last stint on the Pools' touchline, the club has been taken over by JPNG - led by chairman Gary Coxall - from Ken Hodcroft and IOR Limited. "I was really impressed by what he [Coxall] had to say," Hignett added. "What he wants to do with the club in the future, how he wants to grow the club, his vision, he wanted a clear identity for it - everything I'd want to bring to a football club. "For me it was the perfect fit.
They show that there has been an overall increase of 53% in the number of women being treated for the disease in the last 20 years. The rise was described as dramatic by Royal Victoria Hospital statisticians. Dr Anna Gavin, who led the research, said the health system needs to prepare itself as the figures are set to climb. "I think the services need to gear themselves up because we have done some work looking at past trends," Dr Gavin said. "We see that, in total, the cancer number is expected to increase by two thirds again, about 65% in 20 years. "The service needs to be aware of that.  We need to be thinking of ways to cope because it is largely driven by the aging population. "Meanwhile, one woman who is living with the disease is calling for greater awareness of inflammatory breast cancer. Lynette McHendry, from County Antrim, is due to have both breasts removed next week. The 37-year-old patient said she believed some inflammatory breast cancer cases are being misdiagnosed. The mother of two is appealing to clinicians to become more aware of the symptoms surrounding this aggressive disease, after her cancer went undetected for over a month. "The symptoms I had were a pain in my left breast - it was hard, tender and heavy," Mrs McHendry said. "It started to swell up and ended up twice the size.  It also became red, inflamed and the skin became dimply.  And there was no lump. "She is in the unusual position of having invasive or regular cancer in one breast and inflammatory cancer in the other. The latter went undetected because, in cases of inflammatory breast cancer, a lump does not appear in the mammogram. Mrs McHendry is one of the almost 2,800 women who were referred last year to the Belfast Cancer centre. Ninety-three percent of those cases were not malignant - but hers was. Mrs McHendry said that although women are better educated about breast cancer, there is little or no public information about inflammatory breast cancer. "I had to join a support group online based in England," she said. "By talking to those women, including one woman from Larne, I discovered so many weren't diagnosed until much later in their cancer journey, which can make a difference between being diagnosed at stage 3 or stage 4.
The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) says GSK made more than £50m of payments to companies making generic versions of its anti-depressant Seroxat to delay them coming to market. GSK has been fined £37,606,275 and the generic firms have to pay £7. 4m. But GSK says its actions actually saved the NHS money and brought the generic drugs to the market sooner. The other companies fined were Generics UK, Merck, Alpharma, Activis UK and Xellia Pharmaceuticals. The CMA found that between 2002 and 2004, GSK had made agreements to pay cash to its competitors to prevent them bringing the generic version of Seroxat, called paroxetine, to market. In addition to the cash payments, the CMA said the deals allowed the competitors to bring small amounts of paroxetine to market instead of GSK, transferring some of the profits to the generic manufacturers without increasing competition. Michael Grenfell from the CMA said: "Today's decision sends out a strong message that we will tackle illegal behaviour that is designed to stifle competition at the expense of customers - in this case, the NHS and, ultimately, taxpayers. "But GSK said it disagreed with the ruling and was considering appealing. "GSK and the generics companies entered into these agreements at the time in order to settle costly, complex and uncertain patent disputes," its spokesperson said. "The agreements allowed the generics companies to enter the market early with a paroxetine product and ultimately enabled a saving of over £15m to the NHS."The CMA pointed out that after generic paroxetine entered the market properly at the end of 2013, average prices for the drug fell more than 70% in two years.
Straker, 27, has been without a club since leaving York in January, where he made 27 appearances. He began his career at Crystal Palace and helped Aldershot Town win the Conference title in 2008, before moving to Southend United. Grimsby are currently third in the National League, having lost only one game in the league since October.
Fit-again midfielder Jimmy Ryan had instant impact, setting up Ash Hunter to lob in the opener early on. Within minutes it was 2-0, with Bobby Grant nodding home Antoni Sarcevic's cross from the left. In the second half, Scunthorpe's Paddy Madden scored from the spot when Tom Hooper was pushed over, but Fleetwood ended strongly for a deserved win. Scunthorpe caretaker boss Nick Daws told BBC Radio Humberside:Media playback is not supported on this device"I think the performance was probably a bit chalk and cheese in terms of the two halves of the game. "Everybody knows that getting the first goal is key, we didn't get that. "We expected a really tough challenge after a really long week and successful week for us, but they got the first goal. "Two things in the first half put us on the back foot, but we adjusted the shape slightly to stay in the game - I thought we did that really well and that was the foundation for our second-half performance which was excellent.
After a dour first period, James Constable's driven effort gave the out-of-form away side a surprise lead. The advantage only lasted three minutes though as Parkin fired home from the centre of the area. With time running out, Parkin scrambled home the winner before the visitors' Ben Strevens was sent off in injury time for spitting. Forest Green assistant Jamie Day told BBC Radio Gloucestershire:Media playback is not supported on this device"It's exciting, it keeps everyone on their toes.  I thought we played well, I'm disappointed that we went behind again, like we have done in recent weeks. ""We showed character to come back into the game and to then get a winner was first class from the boys. ""There's two teams I think fighting it out at the top, so credit to Cheltenham that they've done really well to go to Tranmere and get a result and we've just got to keep going and worry about ourselves.
Saturday's 2-1 defeat at Sunderland means United remain six points adrift of the Premier League top four. Asked afterwards if United can still make the Champions League places, Van Gaal said: "It will be very difficult. "After this match, the Europa League is our best route but it will not be easy because there are so many good teams. "Since last season, the winners of the Europa League have been rewarded with a place in either the Champions League final qualifying stage or the group stage. United play the first leg of their Europa League last-32 tie against Danish side FC Midtjylland on Thursday. They play Shrewsbury in the FA Cup next weekend and do not return to Premier League action until 28 February when they play third-placed Arsenal at Old Trafford. Van Gaal says he has not given up hope of matching United's fourth-place finish from his first campaign in charge, but has warned his squad that it now looks unlikely. "We have given five points away against Chelsea and now Sunderland, so it is too much at this time," he added. "I have said that also to the players, because you cannot close your eyes to it.  It is still possible but the Europa League is easier I think. "It is also not so easy, because there is also a fantastic level in that competition, so we will have to fight for it.
The world number one, 32, beat Waters 11-2 11-5 11-4 in just 24 minutes at the National Squash Centre to secure a first national title since 2012. "I am really happy that I played well all week to win the title again," she told the tournament website. In the men's event, Nick Matthew beat James Willstrop 11-2 6-11 11-3 11-3 to win his eighth British title. World number three Matthew, 35, lost his first set of the week but recovered to win the final in 50 minutes.
The 35-year-old, who played six Super League games for Hull KR in 2011 before moving to French rugby union side Toulon, was at Manly last season. He played 290 NRL games during his 15-year career spent with five clubs, including Canterbury, where he won the 2004 Premiership. "Willie knows the job a prop has to do," coach Laurent Frayssinous said. "He is a physical and aggressive player, both in attack and in defence and we have spoken a lot about the quality of our group and he is really excited to join the club. "Frayssinous' Dragons side have lost their first two games in Super League this season, with defeats by Wigan and Hull FC.Veteran front-rower Mason scored seven tries and played 24 tests for the Kangaroos, including the famous Great Britain 2006 Tri-Series defeat in Sydney where he struck Stuart Fielden and was involved in a scuffle with tourists captain Jamie Peacock. He also played 13 games for the Blues in State of Origin, scoring once.
The singer - who is the first woman to win the award twice - also won best pop vocal album and best music video for her track Bad Blood. Rapper Kendrick Lamar won the most prizes on the night with five awards. British singer Ed Sheeran also won his first two Grammys for song of the year and best pop solo performance for his number one hit Thinking Out Loud. See the list of key winnersA surprised Sheeran beat Lamar, Swift, country group Little Big Town and Wiz Khalifa to the song of the year accolade. "We wrote [the song] on a couch in my house.  Thanks to my parents who've flown to the Grammys every year for the last four years and every time I lose I say 'maybe next year'," he said as he collected the award. "If you'd told my 11-year-old self I would receive an award from Stevie Wonder I'd be chuffed. "Swift was equally surprised at winning the top honour.  Her album, which was released in 2014, came out too late to be eligible for last year's awards so was finally recognised at this year's ceremony. She gave a powerful acceptance speech saying: "As the first woman to win album of the year at the Grammys twice, I want to say to young women: There are going to be people along the way who will try to undercut your success or take credit for your accomplishments or your fame. "But if you focus on your work and don't let those people sidetrack you, someday when you get where you're going, you'll look around and you'll know it was you and the people that love you that put you there.  And that will be the greatest feeling in the world. "Lamar's wins included best rap album for To Pimp A Butterfly; best rap song and rap performance for Alright; best rap/sung collaboration and best music video, which he shared with Swift for Bad Blood. Alabama Shakes were triple winners.  They collected best alternative music album while their song Don't Wanna Fight won best rock song and rock performance. The Weeknd also picked up two Grammys for best urban contemporary album and best R&B performance. Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars won two awards for their hit Uptown Funk, including record of the year, while Meghan Trainor was named best new artist. British rock band Muse also won best rock album for Drones, and Tony Bennett collected his 18th Grammy for best traditional pop vocal album. Justin Bieber also won his first Grammy for his collaboration with Skrillex and Diplo, winning best dance recording for Where Are U Now. Outside the main categories, Amy - Asif Kapadia's documentary on the life of Amy Winehouse - won the Grammy for best music film. Swift opened the ceremony with a rendition of her song Out of the Woods and was one of many who performed during the show, along with Lamar, Adele, Ellie Goulding, James Bay and The Weeknd. Adele's performance was slightly hampered, however, by audio problems which appeared to throw the singer. She later tweeted: "The piano mics fell on to the piano strings, that's what the guitar sound was.  It made it sound out of tune. "Rihanna had also been due to perform, but pulled out at the last minute on doctor's orders due to bronchitis. There were also a number of acts who gave tribute performances - Lady Gaga sang a medley of David Bowie songs, Jackson Browne and The Eagles performed in honour of Glenn Frey and Stevie Wonder remembered Earth Wind and Fire's Maurice White. Hollywood Vampires - a supergroup made up of stars including Alice Cooper, Johnny Depp and Joe Perry - also performed in tribute of Motorhead's Lemmy.
Cipriani, 28, will return to his first professional club after four seasons at fellow Premiership side Sale. He has made 65 appearances for the Sharks - who currently lie seventh in the league - scoring 502 points. Cipriani, who spent the 2011-12 season at Australian side Melbourne Rebels, has won 14 caps for England but missed out on the squad for the Six Nations. Wasps, who have relocated to Coventry since Cipriani last played for them in 2010, are fourth in the Premiership. Cipriani played 95 times for Wasps before leaving for the Rebels and says he returns a more mature individual. "I'm excited about returning to Wasps next season.  For me, it really does feel like coming home," Cipriani told the club's official website. "I have such good memories of that period in my life, I feel much more equipped to handle and deal with the expectation that comes when you put on the black and gold jersey. "'Once a Wasp, always a Wasp' is more than just a saying when you've been part of the club and I feel next season will be the right time for a new challenge, at a club which in my heart will always feel like a second home.
A further thirteen pupils at the fee-paying school have been suspended for using E-cigarettes. Another pupil has been suspended and given a final warning after the discovery of the class B drug. In a letter to parents, rector Dr John Halliday said police were conducting an investigation into the incident. Dr Halliday wrote: "Following the discovery of a small amount of cannabis on school property, three pupils in F3 have now left the school for their involvement in this incident. "As I intimated last week, the school immediately notified the police, who are conducting their own investigation. "We obviously cannot comment on their investigation but I can reassure you that no pupil still at school is under investigation by the police. "Dr Halliday said the 13 pupils suspended following E-cigarette use were given "clear warnings" and guidance. He said that the school had strict anti-drugs and anti-smoking policies. He wrote: "Breaches of the policy are treated with the utmost seriousness, with the resulting disciplinary decisions reached after full and thorough consideration of the facts and circumstances. "I and my senior colleagues have been addressing these incidents directly and believe that we have taken appropriate action in support of the school's standpoint that such behaviour cannot be tolerated.
A referendum on the UK's membership of the EU is to be held later this year. The survey indicates that only 11% of of the chamber's members in Northern Ireland support a British exit (Brexit). That compares to 30% of those surveyed in the rest of the UK.The Chamber of Commerce has about 1,200 members in Northern Ireland. About 250 of those responded to the poll. More than half of the respondents (60%) said that Prime Minister David Cameron's renegotiated EU deal is unlikely to change how they will vote. The results come on the eve of crunch Brussels talks, which are expected to result in a deal. Eighty-four per cent of those surveyed in Northern Ireland  also say that there has been no impact on their sales and orders as of yet, due to the uncertainty of Britain's future within the EU.Commenting on the results, President of Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce Stephen McCully said the findings suggest that "the renegotiation is having little impact on day-to-day business - or the vote of the business community". He said that this was because many made up their minds before knowing the outcome of negotiations, effectively discounting them as irrelevant. "For businesspeople, this is a question of in or out," he said. "Those within Northern Ireland who are firmly wedded to the EU have said that Brexit will leave us stranded outside the EU, and coping with the re-emergence of a land border with the Republic of Ireland. "Emotion has a part in all decision making and it will do so here, but there is a duty to ensure decisions are as well informed as they can be. "Clarification: An earlier version of this article omitted the number of respondents to the Chamber of Commerce survey.
A statement issued by the region said the player had failed to recover from a head injury he suffered during the Premiership Sevens in August 2015. The 25-year-old started his career with Blackwood and played sevens for Wales. "I am devastated that I have been forced to retire from rugby through injury, but I know that it is the right decision," said Pewtner. In May 2015, another Dragons player Ashley Smith had to retire at the age of 28 following a "series of concussive events". And in September former Wales back-row Jonathan Thomas retired after being diagnosed with epilepsy linked to head traumas suffered while playing. Dragons director of rugby Lyn Jones added: "It saddens us all to hear that Matthew has been forced to retire. "We are all grateful for Matthew's fantastic contribution to the team throughout the years he has been with the region.  We wish him all the best for the future. "In addition to playing seven for Wales, Pewtner was capped at under-20 level in 2009-10. He said he would be studying for a teaching qualification.
The midfielder, who had been relegated to the sidelines after a bout of tonsillitis and an ankle injury, could return to the team as Garde looks to make changes after Sunday's 6-0 home defeat by Liverpool. The Daily Mirror is reporting that Joleon Lescott has responded to critics following his post-match tweet on Sunday.  The defender has told a fan to come to the training ground to meet him as well as retaliating to comments from former Villa striker Stan Collymore. And the Birmingham Mail has displayed a film made by YouTube stars Copa 90 showing what it is like to be an Aston Villa supporter at the moment.  The documentary collates fans' opinions on the club's current situation.
Systems at Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center had been affected for more than a week. Staff had been forced to carry out some tasks on paper. However, the hospital's chief executive Allen Stefanek, said that the incident had not affected the delivery or quality of patient care. Ransomware is a form of malware which infects a victim's computer, locking it, and demanding that a ransom - often in bitcoins - be paid in order to restore access. Previously, local news sources had reported that the hackers were demanding a ransom payment of $3. 4m - but Mr Stefanek denied this. "The amount of ransom requested was 40 bitcoins, equivalent to approximately $17,000," he wrote. "The quickest and most efficient way to restore our systems and administrative functions was to pay the ransom and obtain the decryption key. "All systems currently in use had been cleared of malware and thoroughly tested, he added. Ransomware attacks are increasingly common. Last year, security firm Kaspersky acknowledged what it said was a "bitter fact" - "unless precautions are taken, victims may not be able to recover their data in any other way than by paying the demanded ransom. "However, when the English county council for Lincolnshire was faced with a £350 ransomware demand last month, it refused to pay. The council has since told the BBC that all systems have been restored without having to pay off the hackers.
The flight search engine website reported revenues of Â£120m for 2015, up 28% on the previous year. The company saw gross bookings of $11. 2bn, up 49% on 2014, with visitors to the website up 48%.  On average, 50m people used the website each month. Company founder and chief executive Gareth Williams said the company had seen "excellent growth". He said: "2015 was another strong year for Skyscanner, showing solid progress in our strategy of expansion beyond our home market, into mobile and beyond flights. "Our first-half focus on investing in our product drove momentum for the business in the second half.  We also saw excellent growth in travellers planning their trips on Skyscanner all around the world, especially on mobile and in the important regions of Asia Pacific and the Americas. "The Edinburgh-based company saw a rise in the number of people using its mobile app, with 40m downloads and an increase of 24% in mobile bookings. Particular growth was recorded in the Asia-Pacific region, while visits in China were up 67% after Skyscanner bought a Chinese search firm in 2014. The company opened new offices in London and Sofia as well as expanding existing operations in Budapest and Miami, increasing its global staff to 770.
Iain Duncan Smith, in what he said was his first interview on Europe in 10 years, has just told me that staying in the EU puts us at increased risk of an appalling attack like the terrorist killings in Paris, while the prime minister was on the TV sofa this morning saying that we are safer in the union. This is the new, if temporary reality: cabinet ministers disagreeing totally with each other on the record, and in public.  Traditionally unthinkable, certainly risky, and difficult to control. Plenty of disagreements are spilling out into the public domain now.  After lots of speculation, Boris Johnson has just declared he'll be campaigning for Britain to leave the EU. But many are still wondering about the motivations that lie behind his decision. Unless Machiavellian machinations deep in the Conservative party interest you, you probably shouldn't read much further.  But believe me, on long days in Westminster, this is the kind of hypothesising that concerns politicians and their teams. Ready?Conspiracy One - Michael Gove's decision to go with the Vote Leave campaign was taken to make sure that Chancellor George Osborne will be challenged in the eventual Tory leadership by someone who is a chum, who looks on him favourably, but who would get onto the final ballot (which crucially only has two contenders) as someone who can claim to the party membership which is broadly Eurosceptic, that they fought to leave the EU, even though they were then sadly defeated. This, so Conspiracy One goes, is why Mr Gove's decision to join Vote Leave has not impressed some true believers in the cause and, in any case, his public image may well not be a benefit to them. Conspiracy Two - Doing the rounds inside Number 10 and Number 11 (the chancellor's abode) so the theory goes, is that Boris is intent on becoming 'The Man Who Tried'.  What? Well, Downing Street has concluded that Mr Johnson is going for Leave precisely because he is confident that they will lose. This allows him to create the perfect platform for his leadership ambition - campaign for Leave, Remain wins, but Boris manages to then glide onto the leadership ballot as the man who gave it his damnedest, didn't quite pull it off, but can scoop up oodles of votes from the broken-hearted Tory membership, despairing in defeat, but ready to go over the top for their hero. This kills Mr Gove, or anyone else's chances of opposing Mr Osborne in the final round of the leadership contest. If you got this far, and feel enlightened by it all, then marvellous.  If it seems fanciful, then don't say I didn't warn you!But with the prime minister having already announced that he's leaving his job before the next election, there is no escaping the fact that the future of the Tory leadership is a factor in both sides' campaigns.
Something Wicked this Way Comes, shown on a Sunday morning, featured the illusionist putting a plastic bag over his head and walking on broken glass. Broadcasting watchdog Ofcom said children could have imitated Brown's "clearly dangerous behaviour". It received five complaints about the show, which aired on UKTV's Watch channel on 6 December. UKTV said the programme was broadcast in error and was unsuitable for a pre-watershed transmission. In the 14-minute segment, Brown had sought to demonstrate a technique to limit pain and bleeding.    He placed a transparent bag over his head and sealed it while a member of the audience tapped out his pulse rate on a drum. Once his pulse rate had slowed to a stop, Brown - who appeared to be in a state of semi-consciousness - removed the bag from his head and walked barefoot on a path of broken glass. At the end of the sequence, the camera zoomed on his feet to show that they had not bled as a result of contact with the glass. Ofcom said: "Plastic bags are a common household item that children frequently have access to without parental supervision.  They also present a widely acknowledged risk of harm to young children. "Therefore, Ofcom took the view that Derren Brown's use of a plastic bag to asphyxiate himself was likely to be easily imitable by children in a manner that was harmful. "This was particularly because self-asphyxiation was presented as a way to carry out acts which would not normally be possible because of the bleeding and pain that resulted. "Further in this programme no negative consequences of self-asphyxiation were identified. "Ofcom also found that Brown's use of swear words during the segment breached the code on offensive language before the watershed. UKTV said an internal investigation had revealed that "due to human error" the programme was "erroneously labelled" as being suitable for broadcast before the watershed. It said it had implemented additional safeguards to prevent the same mistake happening again.
Maxwell Cornet controlled Alexandre Lacazette's pass to drive in an opener. Sergi Darder added an exquisite second on half-time, controlling Rafael's cross and flicking it past Kevin Trapp. Despite Lucas Moura's steered finish, PSG lost their first league game since last March, but still have a 23-point lead at the top. Laurent Blanc's side had not lost a league match since a 3-2 defeat at Bordeaux 11 months earlier, but looked off the pace and struggled without the creative influence of injured winger Angel di Maria. After Cornet's opener, PSG could have been reduced to 10 men, as midfielder Thiago Motta escaped with a booking for raising his fist to the side of Jordan Ferri's head. The leaders' best spell of pressure came shortly before Darder made it 2-0, with Zlatan Ibrahimovic having a shot beaten out by Lyon keeper Anthony Lopes. PSG rarely looked like equalising after Lucas scored, and the excellent Rachid Ghezzal should have added a third for the home side when clean through, but Trapp advanced from his line to block. Monaco, in second place, end the weekend having narrowed the gap at the top, despite dropping points themselves in a 0-0 draw at Nantes. Caen had moved above Lyon and into third earlier on Sunday by winning 2-1 at St-Etienne, with former Wigan striker Andy Delort among the scorers.
The 57-year-old will take over from former Tottenham striker Mido, who was sacked two weeks ago. A statement on Zamalek's official website said: "Murtaza Mansour, chairman of the club, has confirmed that Alex McLeish has signed with him in principle to lead the first team. "McLeish left Genk last summer after a season with the Belgian club. The Scotsman parted company with the Pro League outfit after they finished seventh and was linked with Zamalek before Mido started his second spell in charge in January. Mido's latest spell lasted just 37 days and seven games with Zamalek, who are currently second behind Cairo rivals Al Ahly in the Egyptian Premier League. He became the third coach sacked by the club this season following the dismissals of Jesualdo Ferreira and Paqueta. Former Aberdeen and Scotland defender McLeish has also previously managed Motherwell, Hibernian, Rangers, Birmingham City, Aston Villa and Nottingham Forest.
The West End singer and presenter has previously won two Oliviers - for best actor in a musical in 2008 for Hairspray and in 2013 for Sweeney Todd. The Olivier Awards, which are celebrating their 40th anniversary this year, will be held at London's Royal Opera House on 3 April. Ball will also be hosting the nominations announcement, taking place at noon on 29 February. The announcement will be streamed live at www.olivierawards.com. Ball, who was made an OBE last month, previously co-hosted the awards in 2011 and 2012. Last year's big winners were Kinks-inspired musical Sunny Afternoon and drama A View From the Bridge, with Dame Angela Lansbury winning her first Olivier Award for her role as Madame Arcati in Blithe Spirit, her first West End role in nearly 40 years. Voting opened on Tuesday for the Magic Radio Audience Award, the only Olivier voted on by the public. The 16 shows in the running for the award are: Beautiful - The Carole King Musical; Charlie and the Chocolate Factory; The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time; Jersey Boys; Disney's The Lion King; Mamma Mia!; Matilda the Musical; Les Miserables; The Mousetrap; The Phantom of the Opera; The Railway Children; Stomp; Sunny Afternoon; The Play that Goes Wrong; The Woman in Black and Thriller Live.
The aim is to learn more about the behaviour of a species that experts say could cause millions of pounds of damage to crops if left untreated. Usually, if you want to study an animal, you do a survey and count it. The problem with slugs is you can't always see them as they spend much of their time out of sight in the top 10cm (4in) of the ground. But improved tracking technology will allow scientists to accurately follow slug movements for the first time. The aim of the research is to answer an interesting problem facing farmers: how do slugs live amongst their crops?The researchers at Harper Adams University have a theory slugs are not evenly distributed over a field. Instead they believe they are concentrated in patches. That's important because if the scientists could help farmers find these large patches of slugs you could target them with pest control measures.  That would be cheaper and greener than spreading chemicals over an entire field. Slugs are slimy and enjoy squeezing into tight spaces so the trackers need to be placed inside the slugs themselves just under the skin. The slugs are anaesthetised before a small cut is made in the skin and the tracker inserted.  The tracker itself is smaller than a grain of rice. The slugs I saw were implanted a month ago and seemed happy. It's important to the researchers that the trackers don't cause the slugs to behave any differently to their non-implanted cousins.  In the lab it appears neither slug movement or appetite is affected. Tracking the slugs involves equipment that looks very like a metal detector.  Researchers will go out at night when the slugs are most active and release the slugs with the trackers.  There will be hundreds of them over the duration of the experiment. Then every 20 minutes throughout the night the team will scan the fields with the detector.  This will automatically log the slug's individual tracker number and it's GPS location building up a very accurate map of where the slugs go and what they are doing. There's increasing pressure on farmers to reduce the chemicals they use against slugs and some are being banned outright.  So if this research comes up with a better way to control them by revealing more about their behaviour it could be very useful. Funding for this study has come from the Agriculture and Horticulture Development Board (AHDB), The Potato Council and Cereals and Oilseeds who estimate that slugs could cause Â£100m of damage to UK crops if they aren't properly controlled. And finally a confession. We did take a slug out into the field and we put it down on the ground to track it.  We certainly managed to find it again, the signal from its tracker was loud and strong, but we couldn't actually see it.  Which means we couldn't recover the slug and he had to go and join his colleagues in the soil.  It did rather show how trackers beat traditional visual slug surveys. And soon our slug implanted with a tracker will be joined by hundreds more. Update: One week on and our slug was safely recovered by the team.
Garbutt, 26, was sent off in the 71st minute of his side's 38-4 loss for punching opponent James Tamou. The Australian was banned for two games by the Rugby Football League on Monday. "It's not something that I am about.  I don't condone violence and I sought James out after the game to apologise," said Garbutt. "I accepted the ban and I'm very disappointed I won't be out there with the boys for the next couple of weeks. ""Everyone that knows me knows I'm not the sort that does that kind of thing.
Catherine -  also known as the Countess of Strathearn in Scotland - joined dozens of school pupils and teachers at a tennis workshop hosted by Ms Murray in Edinburgh. Earlier she took part in a sing-along on a visit to an Edinburgh school. The events were part of a tour by Catherine of school-based charities in the city. The workshop was part of the Tennis on the Road project created in 2014 by Ms Murray, who is the mother of tennis stars Andy and Jamie. During the duchess' visit, teachers and pupils were taught how to coach and pass on the basics of tennis to children. Ms Murray said Catherine's participation in the class was "fantastic for tennis and women's sport". She added: "She said she'd love to come back and do some more. "Earlier in the day, Catherine visited St Catherine's Primary where she joined an assembly. The school is one of 28 in Scotland where counsellors from children's mental health charity Place2Be support pupils having difficulties in some of the most disadvantaged areas of Glasgow and Edinburgh. Pupils presented her with a quaich, a Scottish toasting cup, after she sang along to the children's song Welcome Everybody. The duchess, who is the charity's patron, told pupils: "I think everybody should start their morning like that.  Have a wonderful day. "The duchess, who was carrying out her first solo set of official engagements north of the border, also travelled across the city to Wester Hailes Education Centre to see work being carried out by The Art Room. The charity, of which she is patron, set up its first Scottish studio at the school in 2014 and works with children to increase their self-esteem, self-confidence and independence through art. She was greeted by cheering pupils in the school playground before attending an art session. Pupils involved in the project showed her the work they were producing. Project director Juli Beattie said she was delighted to be able to show the duchess the charity's first Scottish base. She added: "Our presence in Edinburgh represents a new phase in our growth. "The needs of the local community are imperative and our work relies on our partner schools having the vision to host an art-room studio offering early intervention to the children and young people.
25 February 2016 Last updated at 10:01 GMTHaving undergone significant restoration, it will make its first journey in ten years along the East Coast mainline. The steam engine was initially built in Doncaster, but took its name from the Edinburgh to London service on which it ran. After the last original locomotive class member was withdrawn in 1966, the train toured the world, becoming an icon of British engineering.
It follows a long dispute over the future of education in the town, which would see the Tasker Milward and Sir Thomas Picton schools shut down. They could be replaced with an English medium high school on a different site. After a heated debate, councillors voted 28 to 22 in favour of another consultation. A previous consultation was abandoned last November after the trustees of the Tasker Milward and Picton Charity group warned they were considering launching a judicial review. Plans for a new Welsh medium school in Haverfordwest are continuing under a separate process.
Chief executive Karl Koehler is standing down and his replacement will not have a position on the main Tata board in Mumbai, unlike Mr Koehler. Tata is making 1,050 people redundant, including 750 at its Port Talbot site. Community organiser Rob Edwards said he was surprised by Mr Koehler's departure and what it meant for the future. "I think it compounds the recent news about the redundancies.  You start to ask questions about long-term investments," said Mr Edwards. "There is an element of doubt, we walk a path of uncertainty," he told BBC Radio Wales's Wales at Work programme. He added that he wasn't concerned about the short-term commitments made by the company as it tries to save Â£300m as part of its current survival plan. He said the union was worried that the move weakened the voice of the European operation when it came to decisions being made by the board in future. Workers from Tata marched through Brussels with Mr Koehler and steelworkers from across Europe demanding that the EU take action on the price of Chinese imports. New chief executive of Tata Steel Europe, Hans Fischer, takes over on 1 March. Koushik Chatterjee, the group executive director for finance and corporate affairs, will add responsibility for Europe to his role on the Tata Steel board in Mumbai.
Bohn, ranked world number 71, had chest pains following the second round and called for a medic. "He was taken by ambulance to Palm Beach Gardens Medical Center, where tests revealed a mild heart attack," a PGA Tour statement said. "Jason is resting comfortably and in good spirits," his agent added. "He is scheduled to have more tests this weekend," Justin Richmond said. "We know he appreciates the concern from so many people in the PGA Tour family who have reached out. "The PGA Tour statement added Bohn's wife was at "home in Atlanta but his in-laws joined him at the hospital, as did fellow player George McNeill, who said Bohn was in good spirits". Bohn carded 72 in the second round, which would have seen him make the cut at the PGA National. Saturday's third round proceeded without Bohn, and finished with Spain's Sergio Garcia and Australia's Adam Scott sharing a commanding four-shot lead over America's Blayne Barber. Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy missed the cut for a second year.
Last season's treble winners had almost 50 attempts on goal, with Clare Shine scoring a hat-trick. Aberdeen, Rangers and Spartans all netted five goals in disposing of Jeanfield Swifts, Hamilton and Stirling University, respectively. Hibernian won 1-0 away to Celtic and Glasgow Girls beat Hutchison Vale 3-1. The Forfar Farmington v Hearts and Buchan v Queen's Park matches were postponed due to frozen pitches.
The call was made by Scottish Conservative Mary Scanlon and backed by SNP MSP Mike MacKenzie. The state of Holyrood's coffee was raised during questions about staff and services at the Edinburgh building. Linda Fabiani suggested the complainers could use "very good coffee bags" and "some really hot water". She was answering on behalf of the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body which runs the parliament. After taking a question about food waste disposal, Ms Fabiani was informed by Ms Scanlon that she would like to "increase the amount of food disposal" in some areas, namely the coffee for committee meetings. Ms Scanlon, the MSP for the Highlands and Islands, told the chamber: "On behalf of my colleague on the audit and education committee, Colin Beattie, and colleagues across this parliament from all parties can I ask if the corporate body will ensure that new and existing MSPs get a decent cup of coffee in committee in session five [after the next Holyrood election]. "Ms Scanlon was backed by Mr MacKenzie who said he "shared the concerns". He had also observed that the quality of the coffee diminished the longer it sat in their flasks. Ms Fabiani responded by saying: "I guess it is all a matter of taste I quite like the coffee that we get in committee. "However, she added that it was a complaint she had heard "over the last couple of years". Ms Fabiani said the fact the coffee urns were being emptied each day suggested that most people were "quite happy" with what was being offered.
Former Liverpool and Chelsea striker Fernando Torres scored the pivotal goal on 72 minutes as Atletico moved within eight points of leaders Barcelona. Antoine Griezmann put Atletico ahead and Denis Cheryshev equalised for Valencia before Torres struck. Valencia had Anderlan Santos sent off on 80 minutes before Yannick Carrasco completed the scoring. Neville suffered just a second defeat in seven games as goalkeeper Diego Alves endured a tough night. Atletico made the brighter start so it was no real surprise when they went ahead in the 24th minute. They squandered possession 25 yards from goal and Griezmann let fly with a low shot that crept inside the near post with home goalkeeper Alves slow to react. The lead lasted just four minutes, however, before Valencia scored as a long pass was cushioned by the head of Paco Alcacer to Cheryshev, who lashed home a left-footed drive from 15 yards. Cheryshev lifted a shot over the crossbar from another Alcacer header seven minutes before half-time as Valencia grew in confidence. Alcacer had a chance to put Valencia ahead just before the hour mark when he latched onto a pass by Sofiane Feghouli but fired straight at goalkeeper Jan Oblak. Moments later Alves made up for his earlier error with a fantastic, one-handed save to keep out a powerful effort by Luciano Vietto. But the keeper could do nothing to stop substitute Torres, who was making his 300th Atletico appearance, putting his side ahead with 18 minutes remaining as he slid in at the far post to turn the ball home after Jose Maria Gimenez flicked on a corner. Santos saw red for two bookable offences with five minutes remaining and Carrasco made it 3-1 five minutes later when he fired straight at Alves, who allowed the ball to creep in under his legs. Earlier in the day, Barcelona kept up their run with a comfortable win at Eibar.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Scot, 28, beat world number 87 Taro Daniel 6-1 6-3 6-1 in his first match since becoming a father last month. World number six Kei Nishikori brought the visitors level with a 6-3 7-5 7-6 (7-3) win over Dan Evans in Birmingham. Victory in the best-of-five first-round tie will secure a quarter-final place and World Group status in 2017. Dom Inglot and Jamie Murray are scheduled to take on Yoshihito Nishioka and Yasutaka Uchiyama in Saturday's doubles contest, although the line-ups can change up to an hour before the 14:00 GMT start time. "We will wait and see," GB captain Leon Smith told BBC Sport.  "[It will be] hopefully our strongest team, put it that way. "Britain are defending the title they regained last November for the first time in 79 years with victory against Belgium. "It was amazing," Murray said of the reception he received after needing only 90 minutes to see off Daniel. Media playback is not supported on this deviceThere were signs of rustiness - four double faults and 25 unforced errors slowing his progress at times - but the Scot broke serve six times and saved both break points he faced in a one-sided win. Murray, 28, won the opening 11 points in his first match since losing to Novak Djokovic in the Australian Open final 33 days ago. He wrapped up the first set in 28 minutes and took hold of a more competitive second after a double fault at 3-3 from Daniel, the US-born 23-year-old with just five ATP wins to his name. Two blistering returns gave Murray the decisive break at the start of the third and he wrapped up the 28th Davis Cup singles win of his career in style. "The last few weeks have been the best of my life, really special," Murray said of becoming a father to Sophia. "It has been tough the last few days being away from her for the first time but it had to happen to some stage, and it is a pleasure to represent my country and be with team-mates that we won with last year. "The second set was tough - a lot of close games and some tough points, which was good for me. "I was getting a little out of breath but I played a good match, served well, missed a few second serves but the first serve went extremely well, so it was a nice start. "Evans, from Solihull, had the support of his home crowd and the confidence from a victory in his only previous meeting with Nishikori, but the Japanese player was still too strong. It is over three years since he surprisingly lost to Evans at the US Open and Nishikori has since become established among the game's elite. Evans, 25, once again played above his ranking of 157 but could only convert four of 13 break points that came his way. After dropping serve twice in the first set he failed to capitalise on 0-40 early on in what proved to be a tight second. Both players missed break point chances and a tie-break loomed with the Briton serving at 6-5, but after saving two set points he then netted a volley and double faulted. With both men apparently tiring, the third set saw a rash of service breaks - six in eight games - with Evans unable to build on leads at 3-2 and 4-3. Nishikori, 26, was similarly vulnerable on his own serve but got himself across the line in the tie-break after two hours and 44 minutes. Andy Murray slipped fairly seamlessly back into the day job, but Kei Nishikori had to absorb a lot of pressure from Dan Evans to make sure the tie is level heading into Saturday's doubles. But who will play? Murray told me he "would love to play if it's the best thing for the team," as long as his body feels fine in the morning.  But will Nishikori be on the other side of the court? It is looking likely - even though he has only ever played two Davis Cup doubles matches for Japan. "He missed a few balls and looked a bit rusty but overall you've got to give Andy a 9/10.  He just wanted to feel the ball out there but he looked sharp, and will be looking forward to the big match against Nishikori on Sunday. "Nishikori got very nervous against Evans for a while there, but in the end the class player came through and upped his game.
Vithiya Alphons, 24, has acute myeloid leukaemia but her Sri Lankan background makes the search hard as not many South Asian people are on donor registers. She launched a social media campaign  to help find a match. Charity Anthony Nolan said 5,600 have signed up in the last week. "The impact of Vithiya's appeal has been nothing short of incredible," said Ann O'Leary, head of register development, at the charity. "But Vithiya still needs to find her stem cell match and there are people just like her all across the world who are still waiting. "We need to continue to diversify the register so we can find a match for all. "Miss Alphons was diagnosed with the aggressive form of blood cancer after falling ill just days after returning for her final year as an optometry student at Cardiff University. She started feeling unwell with severe sickness and a fever, while she had a pain in her leg, so she went to her doctor for tests. She underwent chemotherapy in Cardiff before being well enough to be transferred to a hospital in London, where she is from. After her third course of chemotherapy, Miss Alphons felt better and thought she had beaten her illness. But further tests showed the leukaemia was still in her blood and doctors told her the best option was a stem cell transplant from a donor, which is needed in the next two months. Speaking to BBC's Asian Network Miss Alphons said she is grateful for all the support. "I would just like to say thank you so much to everyone who has registered so far and please, please do carry on registering because you can save my life and you can also save so many other's lives. "Please spread the word and help me to save my life.
Panthers kept alive their title hopes and closed the gap on leaders Devils to four points. Two goals from Matthew Myers put Panthers in control before Joey Martin replied. Franklin MacDonald, Geoff Waugh and Evan Mosey's two goals secured the win. The sides meet again in the Challenge Cup final at the Sheffield Arena on Sunday.
Midfielder Doughty stabbed home in the 94th minute after Millwall failed to clear a free-kick. Lee Gregory burst through the defence to score his 22nd goal of the season and poor defending allowed Steve Morison to make it 2-0 to Millwall. But Nicky Ajose's penalty, after Raphael Rossi Branco was fouled, set up Doughty's dramatic finish. Millwall remain fifth and have gone five games without defeat, while Swindon - whose unbeaten run now stands at six league games - drop to 14th. Williams signed a five-year contract in midweek after a successful spell as caretaker boss. Millwall manager Neil Harris told BBC Radio London:Media playback is not supported on this device"Huge frustration, I'm certainly disappointed with the outcome.  I thought we were so good for so long with and without the ball. "I thought we were outstanding in the first half and I think in the second half even though Swindon had all the football.  On the counterattack we were really good, we just lacked that little bit of quality and ruthlessness in the final third. "If you don't see the game off - and it's a very dubious penalty against you, about the softest penalty I've seen for a long time - you're backs-to-the-wall a little bit.
Pars goalkeeper Sean Murdoch denied Jamie Adams in a first half of few chances before two quick fire goals put the visitors in control. El Bakhtaoui raced on to a Ryan Wallace ball to score his first, before scoring a stunning 30-yard volley from Michael Paton's cross. Craig Moore fired a late chance over for Ayr United, who remain third.
Hibs controlled much of the opening half, but fell behind to Michael Gardyne's goal after he broke free of Mark Oxley and Liam Fontaine. Fontaine redeemed himself, scoring Hibs' equaliser just before half-time. However, it was the defender's poor clearance that allowed Schalk to score the winning goal at the death. Jim McIntyre opted to line his side up in a 3-5-2 shape that they had not used before this season, but which the coaching staff had seen other sides use well against Hibs this season. The play was frantic and urgent from the outset.  Players were performing by their wits rather than any pre-planned strategy, and Jason Cummings' resourcefulness was almost telling when he lifted a 30-yard shot goalwards that Gary Woods had to move smartly to tip over the bar. A counter-attack by County saw Schalk try to play Gardyne through.  The pass was misplaced, but Jackson Irvine regathered possession and he did find Gardyne.  Fontaine's tackle only moved the ball away from Oxley, allowing Gardyne to prod the ball into the empty net. The goal was against the run of play, but Hibs did not allow it to unnerve them.  Darren McGregor might have equalised, but headed over from a good position at the back post.  Cummings also saw a hooked shot saved by Gary Woods in the County goal. A set-piece ought to have been a chance for County to rely on their organisation at the back, but there was a lack of command as a corner was fired into the penalty area and Fontaine rifled the ball into the corner of the net. The County players left the field at the interval looking dejected.  Hibs would have felt that the momentum was in their favour, and Cummings and Anthony Stokes both had early chances to fire their side in front. The introduction of Brian Graham for the ineffective Liam Boyce provided County with a greater presence up front and somebody to build attacks around.  The forward thought he had scored when he out-jumped Oxley to nod the ball in from close-range, but he was harshly judged to have fouled the goalkeeper. Yet in the final moments of the game, with Schalk and Gardyne having suffered from injuries, County found the means to win the final.  The latter's break down the left saw Fontaine send his clearance straight to Schalk, who finished from close range to secure the first major trophy in County's history.
Rangers won their quarter-final against Dundee 4-0 on Saturday at lunchtime before United claimed a dramatic 3-2 win over Ross County. Celtic won the first of Sunday's quarter-finals, overcoming Greenock Morton 3-0. Hibs and Caledonian Thistle then drew drew 1-1 at Easter Road. Rangers v CelticHibernian or Inverness Caledonian Thistle v Dundee UnitedTies to be played on the weekend of 16/17 April.
Rezgar Zengana posed as a taxi driver to pick up his 25-year-old victim in Argyle Street before raping her at a flat in Cessnock on 10 December 2006. The 33-year-old Iraqi national fled after being convicted of the attack. Zengana features in a most-wanted list of nine UK suspects who are thought to be in the Netherlands. The list has been put published by the UK charity Crimestoppers and the National Crime Agency (NCA). Dave Allen, from the NCA, said: "Those who believe they can use the Netherlands to evade capture or continue illegal activities soon find out that it is not a safe haven.
For almost 60 years Tom Bravin dressed up as Father Christmas to distribute presents to over 4,500 underprivileged children around the city. The former RAF communications worker shunned praise and kept his identity a secret, calling himself Mr X.Friends and family have vowed to carry on Mr Bravin's work in his memory. When the strain of personally delivering so many gifts became too much for him, Mr Bravin recruited "Santa's Little Helpers", who in turn were sworn to secrecy. Mr Bravin's son Terry said: "What a legacy he's left us - I am really proud of him. "We have got a team of people to make sure his appeal is still going. "Neighbour Kat Thomas added: "What a kind heart.  He brought so much joy to so many children and I will continue to support this cause as long as it is running.
A Swedish couple adopted her when she was two-and-a-half years old and gave her a new life. Forty-two years later, she tracked down her biological mother and had an emotional reunion with the woman she had wondered about all her life. Speaking over the phone from her home in Helsingborg on the Sweden-Denmark border, she told the BBC that meeting her mother was "nothing less than a miracle". "My mother was 21 years old.  She had been married to my father, a farmer, for three years when one day he came home after a fight with someone.  He was very angry.  He killed himself.  He had consumed pesticides," Ms Purve-Jorendal said. Her mother went to stay with her parents who wanted her to remarry and restart her life. "But she was pregnant, and she didn't even know," says Ms Purve-Jorendal. When the family discovered her pregnancy, they took her to a charity in Pune where she delivered a baby girl in September 1973.  "I'm told that for a few months, she stayed at the centre, nursed me and looked after me. "When Ms  Purve-Jorendal turned two-and-a-half, she was adopted by a couple in Sweden who provided her a new home and a new life. "But I always wondered about my mother in India.  Who was she? How was she? Why did she leave me? I knew I needed to find her since I was a part of her.  I wanted to get answers to all my questions. "Her adoptive parents were supportive of her quest, but others couldn't fathom why she would want to rake up the past.  "You have a good life here.  Leave her alone," they advised her. Ms Purve-Jorendal began actively looking for her mother in 1998 and nearly two decades later, her search ended in a small village in Maharashtra. At the outset, she didn't have much to go by - just the names of her mother and her grandfather that were in the adoption papers. "I realised how hard it was to get anywhere with that.  How do you find someone in a country of 1. 2 billion people? It's like looking for a needle in a haystack.  You must have the right connections, know how to press the right buttons. "In 2014, she contacted Against Child Trafficking (ACT), a voluntary organisation based in Belgium. On 8 August last year, she received an email from ACT which said they had succeeded in tracing her mother and attached were some photos. "I can't describe my feelings.  Here was a person I had longed for my whole life and then I see her photograph.  It was beyond imagination.  It was a miracle. "A few days before her birthday in September, she flew halfway across the world to meet the woman who had given birth to her. "And suddenly I was there.  Outside her house, outside her door.  A social worker had been in touch with her so she was expecting me.  She was sitting down and stood up when she saw me.  I had a blackout, I did not react.  She was also shocked. "Ms Purve-Jorendal's mother has two children - a son and a daughter - from her second husband who died a few years ago.  Today, she lives with her son, his wife and their children. She has kept her first-born a secret so, with the daughter-in-law and grandchildren watching, "she swallowed her tears.  And I had to do the same.  I was told I couldn't cry". Ms Purve-Jorendal was introduced to her brother as a cousin and the family still does not know the truth. To be able to have a conversation with her mother, she invited her to her hotel. "In the taxi, we found each other's hands.  And for the two-hour-long ride, we kept holding hands. "She said she didn't want to leave me.  She wanted to take me with her, but she didn't have a choice.  She didn't know I was in Sweden.  She had no idea where I was.  She said she'd thought she would never see me again. "Ms Purve-Jorendal says she was "taken aback" by the "striking resemblance" she has with her mother. "My Indian family has a term for it, they say I'm like her 'carbon copy'.  We don't just look like each other, we also have the same mannerisms, we use the same hand gestures, how we sit. "Growing up in a family where "everyone else was alike whereas I was different wasn't easy", Ms Purve-Jorendal says, adding that "it was like being on a different planet". Now, she says, she no longer wants to live away from her mother. "She's been carrying this huge burden for most of her life, of not being able to tell anyone.  I want to be there for her, she's my mom, I want to be close to her so I'm going to try and live at least part of the year in India. "She's my blood, my real roots. "Ms Purve-Jorendal spent two days in the village and when the time came to leave, it was a moment she says she would never forget. "At our final meeting, I didn't want to leave her.  I started crying.  She was sitting next to me and as tears rolled down my cheeks, she wiped them with the corner of her sari and said, 'Don't cry my child. '"At that moment, I knew she loved me.
Ms Suu Kyi failed to persuade the military to allow a clause barring her from the presidency to be overruled. Under the clause she cannot be leader as her sons are British, not Burmese. But she has vowed to lead from the sidelines instead.  The candidate thought most likely to become president, Htin Kyaw, is a close aide. The NLD, which won a landslide in November, has named Htin Kyaw as its lower house nominee for vice president, and Henry Van Thio, an MP from the Chin ethnic minority, as its upper house nominee. Both houses will choose between the NLD's candidates and those from other parties, but because the NLD holds a majority in both houses, its candidates are likely to be chosen. The winner from each house will then enter a second vote to decide the president of the country.  A military nominated candidate will also compete in this vote. The two losing candidates will become vice-presidents.  It is not clear when the votes will take place. Correspondents say Htin Kyaw is almost certain to be elected president by the NLD-controlled parliament. Read more: Aung San Suu Kyi - Power not presidency in MyanmarShe tried right to the last.  But there was no deal.  Despite a huge win in the election, Aung San Suu Kyi failed to convince the army that her destiny was the presidency. Clause 59F of the constitution which bars her because her sons have British not Burmese passports remains in place, and she has now chosen someone else. It's Htin Kyaw, who she's known all her life.  He's a committed member of the party and was by her side when Ms Suu Kyi was released from house arrest in 2010. His most important quality may be the ability to take orders.  Aung San Suu Kyi has made it clear that though she does not have the title - she will still be in charge. The NLD won the majority of non-military seats available in parliament in last year's historic general election, although the army - which still controls a quarter of all parliamentary seats and key security ministries - remains a significant force in Burmese politics. The new government will take power on 1 April - the first freely elected government after more than 50 years of military rule and then five years of military-backed civilian government.
The school has stopped the game, also known as "tag" or "you're it", to allow the children "some time to settle down a bit", according to the headmaster. The ban is the latest in a line of stories from around England of educational establishments outlawing everyday activities, many of which are remembered fondly from people's own school days.  BBC News looks back at other forbidden school pursuits that have made headlines:We start off with a perhaps unsurprising measure many schools enforce. British Bulldog involves charging towards fellow pupils, a drop of the shoulder to fool the 'bulldogs' and a rapid dash to the safety of the other side of the yard. These figures are a little old (like the above image), but over a quarter of 653 school staff surveyed by the Association of Teachers and Lecturers in 2011 said it had been banned from their school. One secondary school teacher said it was "because of the number of broken bones it generates!"Schools in Wiltshire, Cumbria and Clackmannanshire introduced a ban on conkers over fears the horse chestnuts could trigger anaphylactic reactions. The Anaphylaxis Campaign said a "common sense approach" would be better, where conkers are put in a safe place after battle and all involved give their hands a good wash. Some schools took to allowing their children to take part in conker fights provided they were wearing protective goggles. A Carlisle headteacher said it was a "sensible" step to shield children's eyes from pieces of flying horse chestnut. In January, birthday cakes were banned at a Blackpool primary school as teachers "do not have time" to check ingredients for pupils with allergies. Parents of children at Norbreck Primary Academy were told cakes taken into school would be "sent home uneaten". The headteacher wrote: "I hate to be a killjoy. . .  there are many reasons for this, some of them serious. "Pupils in Birmingham had to leave school after teachers said they were wearing the wrong kind of shoes. Baverstock Academy, in Druids Heath, sent out letters informing families of new rules making plain black shoes compulsory. One parent reported the "ridiculous" decision led to "chaotic" scenes, with about 300 children being sent home. The school later relaxed the rule slightly, according to parents. It wasn't the pupils but their parents who were making a scene at a primary school in Darlington. Grown-ups on the school run were asked by the headteacher of Skerne Park Academy to wash in the morning and to not drop their kids off while wearing pyjamas. The final straw came when parents were turning up to parents' evenings and even the Christmas show in their PJs, the head said. A West Yorkshire head teacher banned books containing stories about pigs from key stage one classrooms in case they offended Muslim children. The literature was removed from classes for under-sevens at Park Road Junior Infant and Nursery School in Batley. Head Barbara Harris said the books would remain in the school library for children to read, but added: "We try to be sensitive to the fact that for Muslims talk of pigs is offensive. "Pupils in South Gloucestershire were banned from wearing tinsel to a non-uniform day because teachers say it could cause litter and be dangerous. Staff at Chipping Sodbury school said the festive decoration could cause injury if pupils tried to strangle each other. Children were sent home with a letter citing "health and safety reasons" for the ban. The local council said the day was "far from being against the spirit of Christmas" and was in aid of the charity Crisis.
The plant will create 150 jobs on the Ebbw Vale enterprise zone, which is still hoping to be home to the Â£325m Circuit of Wales. New owners, who bought the British brand three years ago, will start production next year. The company has a 10-year plan, including four new models, and will begin making a few hundred cars a year. TVR had been looking at three sites around the UK.Mr Jones said: "This is yet another fantastic high profile investment for Wales and a great boost for our automotive sector. "TVR is another iconic and much loved, world-class brand that still commands a strong and loyal international following.  I am delighted the next generation of TVRs will proudly bear the label Made in Wales. "There have been 350 advance orders for the car already, after images of what it might look like were released late last year. TVR chairman Les Edgar  said: "This is a fantastic opportunity both for TVR and the Welsh Government. "South Wales is becoming a major hub for automotive and motor sport technology and development and I am delighted TVR is investing here. "The company hopes to be producing around 2,000 cars a year by 2022, targeting the UK and selected European markets initially. It will initially assemble the car in Ebbw Vale - bringing in the V8 engines from Cosworth in Northampton. Former F1 designer Gordon Murray is behind iStream carbon technology to give the new models extra strength. THE HISTORY OF THE TVRAnalysis by Sarah Dickins, BBC Wales economics correspondentThe automotive industry in Wales already includes 40 component manufacturers and more than 100 other firms in the supply chain. Ford and Toyota have engine plants and Aston Martin recently announced plans to assemble a new model in the Vale of Glamorgan. The Welsh Automotive Forum estimates 18,000 people work in the sector in Wales, with sales worth Â£3. 2bn a year. But the impact of the sector is greater than just the number of people working in it.  On the whole it's an industry that pays well.  On top of that it has to be innovative. It is continually having to improve design and models to make vehicles cleaner and more efficient.  Component makers also have to keep looking at the way they themselves work so they keep winning contracts to supply the car makers. As a result, it is an industry that tends to be high on training and big on investment in its people and machines. That means it is of more benefit to the Welsh economy than the same number of workers in other industries. TVR will bring much needed jobs to the Heads of the Valleys and a simplified assembly process, so its factory only needs to be 20% of the size of a conventional plant. It estimates this could reduce capital investment in the assembly plant by around 80%. The first minister would not be drawn on how the Welsh Government had supported the deal. But he said the news, hot on the heels of the Aston Martin announcement "sends out a strong, clear message that Wales is the location of choice for advanced manufacturing". Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said it showed the Welsh automotive industry was "surging from strength to strength. "He added: "Today's news is yet another strong endorsement of the quality of Britain's car industry, which has been creating jobs, taking on apprentices and contributing to building a stronger economy. "Although an impression of the new car was released last year, the design of the first new vehicle is still under wraps with plans to unveil it towards the end of 2016, with production starting next year. Circuit of Wales chief executive Martin Whitaker welcomed the news as "fantastic" for the region. "Paired with Aston Martin's recent announcement, it reinforces our vision of Ebbw Vale and the south Wales region growing into a cluster of excellence for automotive and related industries," he added.
The Anglo-South African company said its current structure was "too costly" and inefficient. Changes to the regulatory environment in Europe and South Africa had also made the business more complex to run. It came as the firm reported a 4% rise in annual pre-tax adjusted operating profit to Â£1. 7bn. Old Mutual said it expected the separation of its four main units to be completed by the end of 2018. The company plans to separate into Old Mutual Emerging Markets, Old Mutual Wealth, Nedbank Group and OM Asset Management. Chief executive Bruce Hemphill said: "The strategy we have announced today sets out a bold new course to unlock value currently trapped within the group structure. "We have four strong businesses that can reach their full potential by freeing them from the costs and constraints of the group. "These businesses are performing strongly, have excellent competitive positions in sizeable markets and the underlying growth potential to flourish independently. "He said the current organisation of the group was "a costly structure with insufficient synergies to justify those costs". The group said it had yet to decide how it would go about spinning off the units. Old Mutual announced its strategic review in November, after former Standard Bank executive Mr Hemphill took over as chief executive. The group, which was founded in South Africa in 1845, currently has a majority stake in South African lender Nedbank.  But it plans to reduce it to a minority stake by the end of 2018. The company's Old Mutual Wealth unit, a sponsor of England rugby union, has also received a takeover approach from private equity firms, according to reports citing unnamed sources.
The 2005 world champion, who has lost just one frame in three matches, took just 53 matches to record his win. Ding won the last three frames, the decider with a break of 108, to beat Thailand's Thepchaiya Un-Nooh 4-3. Reigning world champion Stuart Bingham defeated Wales' Ryan Day 4-2 to set up a last-four meeting with Joe Perry who saw off Ali Carter 4-1.
McManus netted from close range on the quarter-hour mark to open the scoring and Ross Forbes' deflected strike quickly doubled Morton's lead. A shot by Kyle McAusland pulled Alloa back into the game before half-time. But another McManus finish and one by Denny Johnstone late on ensured a comfortable win for the hosts.
Stephen Mallan converted a penalty to give the Buddies the lead after Darren Cole had fouled Calum Gallagher. Liam Buchanan quickly levelled for Livi but Shankland's strike from outside the box had the visitors ahead again by half-time. Jordan White poked home for the hosts only for Shankland to fire an impressive volley and settle the match.
Mohammad Thneibat said countries such as Jordan faced a "serious problem" in coping with so many young refugees. He called for more international financial support to help build schools and train teachers. "The alternatives are very bad," said Mr Thneibat. "The international community will pay a high price if we don't stand together to face this serious problem," he told the Global Education and Skills Forum. Mr Thneibat said Jordan already had Palestinian and Iraqi refugees and now had 1. 3 million Syrians who had fled across its borders. "We're trying to do everything to educate these young people for peace, introducing ideas of tolerance and co-existence," Mr Thneibat, who is also Jordan's education minister, told the international conference in Dubai. But he warned that Syria's neighbours did not have the capacity to deal with such an influx of families without more international assistance. He said Jordan was training thousands more teachers and building new schools, which would operate in double shifts to try to accommodate 145,000 refugee children in its state school system. But there were still more children arriving than could be taught, he warned. There had been financial support from the international community - and more had been pledged, Mr Thneibat said - but almost two-thirds of the cost of each extra refugee pupil was being taken from Jordan's own education budget, he said. This was in addition to extra costs in health, housing and infrastructure. Without any access to education, he said such youngsters could become part of another cycle of conflict. "If we leave these students, we believe they could become extremists. "Tom Fletcher, UK ambassador to Lebanon until last year, said the numbers of refugees were now "staggering". Mr Fletcher is now working for a coalition trying to get business support to tackle the refugee crisis. He said conventional humanitarian crisis approaches did not work on this scale, and that other groups, including business, should contribute. George Papendreou, former prime minister of Greece, told the conference that he had been a refugee when his family was in political exile. He said that European countries should try to see refugees as potential benefits to their societies rather than respond with "fear and ignorance".
Byron Rhodes is taking me around the modern council headquarters.  It's full of light.  It's busy. The building has regenerated the area around Melton Mowbray's railway station, once a muddy pot-holed piece of wasteland where those in the know parked for free. Now the council offices link the station to a park and the town centre. It was partly paid for with insurance money after a fire destroyed the old offices on the other side of town. A supermarket moved in to replace it and helped with the money too, putting the council on a firm financial footing. But that was four years ago and the crisis is a different one today.  It's being experienced by all local authorities - cuts in central government funding which threaten the services they provide. Mr Rhodes is also deputy leader of Leicestershire County Council, with responsibility for finance. Leicestershire is historically the poorest funded council in the country because of a quirk of Whitehall recalculations, going back a quarter of a century since the poll tax, or community charge, was scrapped. At the moment councils get income from council tax, a share of the business rates, any income they generate themselves from services plus a grant from central government. It's the grant cut which is causing them grief. What's called the "core funding" is worked out by the number of homes multiplied by a set amount.  And each authority has a different value set per dwelling. If we look at Surrey, which is top of the table, the amount will be £1,686 by 2019/20. Nottinghamshire is mid-table at £1,482, Derbyshire is in the lower reaches with £1,422 per dwelling and then comes Leicestershire at £1,354. "The funding system is chaotic," says Byron Rhodes. "It doesn't reflect real need.  Look at Oxfordshire which is an interesting example," he says with a glint in his eye. Could he possibly be referring to the prime ministerial plea to the county council about cutbacks to services there?"If we had the same funding as Oxfordshire, we'd have £50m a year extra.  If we had the same as Surrey, we'd have £100m more.  We'd be partying everyday if we had that kind of money. "Leicestershire have been helped with a small share of what's been called transitional funding - about £300m to help councils following pressure from Conservative MPs. Think back to the vote on Sunday trading.  With a majority of only  17 in the Commons, the Conservatives lost the vote when 20 odd rebelled. Last month there would've been another rebellion, including some of our own Tory MPs in the East Midlands, if something wasn't done to improve the local government finance settlement over the next four years. The money has gone largely to shire counties.  Leicestershire got £6. 6m spread over two years, enough to save some services from closure. But it's a drop in the ocean for an authority with a £19m black hole in the budget every year after the latest cutbacks. Labour have protested that 83% of the councils getting transition funding are Conservative-run.  Many Labour-run authorities such as Derby, Leicester and Nottingham, got nothing. The leader of Derby City Council, Ranjit Banwait, has launched a "fair funding for Derby" campaign.  He says the allocation of government funding is unfair and political and the cuts they're having to impose on leisure services and culture are devastating. "Now they are threatening our ability to protect the vulnerable and our ability to function is under threat," said Mr Banwait. Back in Melton Mowbray, Byron Rhodes has some sympathy for the Labour council in Derby. "Derby probably have some greater needs," he says. But once more he is talking about seizing an opportunity in a crisis. Leicestershire's finance team are working on a submission to put to the government with good arguments on how to restructure the way funds are allocated. "We're going to do it.  We're going to work up a system which is fairer. "He has the backing of local MPs and is talking to neighbouring authorities. And with a hand out to Derby, he says: "If they want to talk to us about how to improve things I'm happy to speak to them. "It's a crucial time to get things right.  The government is moving to a system where, by 2020, the grant will go. Councils will instead get an allocation of funds from the business rates instead. How they come up a formula for doing that in a fair way, which helps those authorities with most need, is the next challenge.
Run by the National Trust, Dinefwr Park in Llandeilo is the only example of Brown's work in Wales currently open to the public. He was commissioned to design the gardens in 1775, by then owners George Rice and his wife Cecil, who was the only child of the fabulously wealthy William Talbot of Hensol in Glamorganshire. The socialite couple wished to emulate Brown's creations they had encountered at the homes of their friends in and around London, where they spent most of their time. National Trust Carmarthenshire general manager Jacqui Kedward said: "What visitors to Dinefwr now see today is the vision of George and Cecil Rice with Brown's influence. "Three hundred years on, Brown's influence is ever present and its splendour is something visitors still marvel at.  Last year, we had record visitor numbers, many drawn mainly by the beauty of the landscape. "Capability Brown was born in Northumberland in 1716 - although the exact date is unknown - the fifth son of a land agent and a chambermaid. Aged 16 he began work as a gardener on the Kirkharle Estate which his father managed. By 1739 he had moved south, and by 1742 his work - as apprentice to another prominent landscape gardener, William Kent - began to gain notoriety. Between 1750 and his death in 1783, Brown designed the grounds of more than 170 stately homes, including Blenheim Palace, Warwick Castle and parts of Kew Gardens. He served George III as royal gardener at Hampton Court, and each of his commissions were said to have earned him about Â£500 (equivalent to Â£61,000 in 2016). Created when Brown was almost 60, Dinefwr Park is typical of his naturalistic style, which drew praise and criticism in almost equal measure. Dinefwr's neat flowerbeds and tree-lined paths were ripped up in favour of his trademark undulating grasslands extending right to the house, irregular clumps of trees, and lakes created by damming small streams. Though seemingly George and Cecil Rice were not taken with all of Brown's suggestions, as a deer park garden and Gothic lodge at the entrance, shown in Brown's sketches, never made it into the finished project. The commemorative tree will be planted by National Trust director general Dame Helen Ghosh, on Friday, and events to mark the anniversary, including tours of Dinefwr Park's Capability Brown walk, will take place this year.
The research firm warns he could disrupt the global economy and heighten political and security risks in the US.However, it does not expect Mr Trump to defeat Hillary Clinton who it sees as "his most likely Democratic contender". He is rated as riskier than Britain leaving the European Union or an armed clash in the South China Sea. China encountering a "hard landing" or sharp economic slowdown and Russia's interventions in Ukraine and Syria preceding a new "cold war" are among the events seen as more dangerous. "Thus far Mr Trump has given very few details of his policies - and these tend to be prone to constant revision," the EIU said in its global risk assessment, which looks at impact and probability. The EIU ranking uses a scale of one to 25, with Mr Trump garnering a rating of 12, the same level of risk as "the rising threat of jihadi terrorism destabilising the global economy". "He has been exceptionally hostile towards free trade, including notably Nafta, and has repeatedly labelled China as a 'currency manipulator'," the EIU said. It warned his strong language directed towards Mexico and China in particular "could escalate rapidly into a trade war". Mr Trump has called for a "big big wall" to be built on the US-Mexican border, paid for by Mexico, to keep illegal immigrants and drug dealers out of the United States. Why is Donald Trump considered only slightly less of a threat to global security than a new Cold War? Perhaps it is because unlike traditional presidential front-runners the candidate has little or no policy substance to back up his shoot-from-the-hip-style pronouncements. Want details on how the New Yorker would restructure US trade relations with China? Or how he would implement his proposed Muslim immigration ban? Good luck finding out. Mr Trump has been promising to reveal his foreign policy team since mid-February, but the deadline keeps getting extended. A well-developed foreign policy campaign structure would provide not only substance behind Mr Trump's rhetoric, it would also give foreign leaders connections for their questions. So far, however, it seems international affairs and national security experts in the US are more focused on stopping Mr Trump than trying to help him.  Until that changes, expect the global alarm bells to continue to sound. On the campaign trail, Mr Trump has advocated killing the families of terrorists and invading Syria to eradicate the so-called Islamic State group and appropriate its oil. "His militaristic tendencies towards the Middle East and ban on all Muslim travel to the US would be a potent recruitment tool for jihadi groups, increasing their threat both within the region and beyond," the EIU added. Critics of Mr Trump have raised similar concerns. However, the businessman is moving closer to clinching the Republican presidential nominee ticket after winning most of the popular vote in primary elections. Mr Trump, who has no prior political experience, has said his supporters would "riot" if he was denied the nomination. In the event he does win the nomination and presidency, the EIU forecasts that domestic and foreign policymaking will be undermined. "Innate hostility within the Republican hierarchy towards Mr Trump, combined with the inevitable virulent Democratic opposition, will see many of his more radical policies blocked in Congress," it said.
In September the 20-year-old opted to play for England over the Republic of Ireland and has been awaiting clearance from Fifa. Grealish played for the Republic at under-21s level but turned down a call-up to the senior squad for a friendly against England in June. Birmingham-born Grealish qualifies for the Republic through his grandparents. After an impressive first full year for Villa, Grealish has struggled this season, making only 17 appearances and scoring once. He has been struggling with an ankle problem and has not featured since coming on as a substitute against Manchester City in the FA Cup on 30 January.
Slade's side are one point off the top six in seventh with nine games to play. The 55-year-old has previously taken Grimsby, Yeovil and Leyton Orient to play-off finals in lower divisions, without going on to win promotion. "Of course it would be bigger than those," he told BBC Wales Sport. "Because you have the opportunity then of playing for the biggest prize in football, Premier League football. "I know this, I'd be confident of getting them to the final as I've done that three times. "Maybe Ken Choo [Cardiff chief executive] will have to manage the final because I have lost all three finals!"Slade started his managerial career as caretaker boss at Notts County in 1994 and reached the landmark of 750 games with last Saturday's win over Ipswich. "It has been a long journey and it's never a straight road, there are always bends in the road that you have to navigate and it's been tough. "The job has become harder.  There is more scrutiny, there is less time to turn things around and be successful. "I've always wanted to get to that 1,000 mark.  I think there's about 23 or 24 (managers) in that club, but those next 250 games seem a long time off but we'll take each one as they come and try and embrace them and look forward to them. "While he admits taking Cardiff to a top-six finish this season would top any achievement in his career so far, he still considers his previous play-off campaigns to be the highlights of his career so far. "Getting to Wembley with a couple of the clubs that haven't had much budget at all really, in Yeovil and Grimsby Town, initially were big achievements just to be in the final really. "And certainly the semi-final against where I was born Nottingham Forest for Yeovil was a big memory because we were 2-0 down. "On that day they were selling flags 'Forest at Wembley' and they had all the tickets. "My Chairman at Yeovil had to take the tickets back in the boot of his car. "That was a big memory for me.  We were 2-0 down and won the game 5-4 after extra time so that was a special game. "On Saturday Cardiff head to Reading looking to maintain their momentum. Goalkeeper David Marshall is doubtful because of a virus and is not expected to train on Friday, but defender Fabio and midfielder Peter Whittingham have trained after recovering from knocks.
The Bournemouth striker, who has been included in a 27-man final squad, has yet to receive official clearance from Fifa to play for the country of his parents. The 23-year-old has represented England at youth level since 2005, having captained the Under-12s, won the Victory Shield with the U16s, and turned out for the U17s, U19s and U21s. Afobe is expected to join up with his prospective teammates next week in Kinshasa, but Fifa is yet to approve his application to switch nationality under world football's governing body regulations. According to the rules, players who have represented one country at junior level can play for another at senior level if they meet the qualifying stipulations. He holds dual nationality and has not played for England's senior side, making him eligible for the Leopards - once an application has been made to Fifa and approved. Afobe, who moved to Bournemouth from Wolves for £10m in January, has scored four goals in 10 appearances for the Cherries so far this season. The former Arsenal striker scored 23 goals in two seasons with Wolves. Meanwhile, the DR Congo squad will officially commence their preparations at Béatrice de la Gombe hotel in the capital on 20 March. They are currently third in Group B after a home win over Madagascar and a shock 2-0 defeat at Central African Republic in September. CHAN winner Florent Ibenge, who also guided DR Congo to third place at last year's Africa Cup of Nations in Equatorial Guinea, is desperate for positive results against group leaders Angola. Only group winners are guaranteed automatic qualification to the 2017 tournament in Gabon. The Leopards have also progressed to the final round of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup.
After Katie Zelem's first-minute opener for Liverpool, goals from Karen Carney, Fran Kirby, Drew Spence and Eniola Aluko put Chelsea 4-1 up at half-time. Caroline Weir and Emma Lundh's second-half strikes gave the visitors hope. But Kirby and Spence both added goals to restore the three-goal lead and keep pressure on leaders Manchester City. Zelem, who netted twice in Liverpool's 3-2 loss at Notts County last time out, stunned the defending champions with a fine strike from range in the early stages. But the floodgates opened after England winger Carney rounded the goalkeeper to level and the scoreline could have been bigger as Carney struck the crossbar with a free-kick late on. Chelsea - who won 2-1 at Liverpool in their previous match - remain second, three points behind first-placed City, who have played a game more. Emma Hayes' side face Arsenal in the Women's FA Cup Final at Wembley on Saturday, looking to defend the trophy they won for the first time last season. Chelsea Ladies midfielder Drew Spence: "It was a bit like a basketball match, the way the goals were going in for both sides.  I was pleased with my two goals. "But we're disappointed we didn't manage the game better after coming from behind to go 4-1 in front by half-time.  We've got to learn how to not concede before we turn on the gas. "That's something for us to work on in training this week in the build up to the FA Cup final. "We beat Arsenal 2-0 in the league recently but we can't have any complacency because of that, it's going to be a tough game. "Liverpool Ladies midfielder Caroline Weir: "Scoring three goals is fine, but if you concede six you can't expect anything out of a game. "We made too many defensive errors and that's just not good enough against a team as good as Chelsea. "This is a tough place to come, but it was so disappointing for us after making a great start with a brilliant goal by Katie Zelem. "We conceded some poor goals after taking the lead, and going in at half-time 4-1 down we knew that wasn't good enough.
They failed to score a point in the second half as Rob Elloway, Matt Evans and Joe Atkinson were yellow-carded. "The communication was there, we just weren't reacting to what he (the referee) was saying," Davies said. "The cumulation caught up with us with three yellow cards - you don't often see that, but they were justified. "Pirates had beaten their Championship rivals in all three of their previous meetings this season. Evans and on-loan Exeter scrum-half Stu Townsend scored tries for the Cornish side, who will lose head coach Davies in the summer due to budget constraints. "In that first half that's all that was keeping them in the game, our ill-discipline," he told BBC Radio Cornwall. "Ill-discipline came back to haunt us - it was one bridge too far. "There have been some dark days and some long days, so to get to a final would've been great, but we haven't achieved that.
Even though Cuba is less than 100 miles away from the US, the two counties fell out in 1959, and no American president has visited since then. The fall out was because two brothers called Fidel and Raul Castro took power in a revolution. America did not agree with how they ran the country. Since being president, Obama has tried to make America's relationship with Cuba more friendly, and in 2015 he re-opened the US embassy which was closed 54 years earlier.
21 March 2016 Last updated at 15:37 GMTThe pair were working on a new 'augmented-reality' programme called Project Sidekick that's designed to give mission control a better view of what's happening on the station. Tim explained: "Sidekick creates a virtual-reality world on the International Space Station . . . .  Ground control can come into our virtual world and we can use it for doing tasks together - for example the VR world can point out exactly what switches to flip or which screws to loosen, handles to turn and even guide us to storage locations.
On Friday, the Florida jury ruled Gawker had violated Hogan's right to privacy, awarding him $115m (Â£79m) for economic damage and emotional distress. But jurors decided on the additional measure as a punishment for the company and a deterrent to others. Gawker, who warned the verdict was already "debilitating", will appeal. The video was posted in 2012 after Hogan, whose given name is Terry Bollea, was secretly recorded having sex with his friend's wife. Hogan's legal team successfully argued the New York-based website violated his privacy and the video was not newsworthy. The closely-watched case raised questions about the freedom of the press in the digital age and could lead to greater caution among online sites. Gawker Media was hit with a $15m ruling, while owner Nick Denton was stung with an additional $10 million. The editor who posted the video and wrote the accompanying post, AJ Daulerio, must also pay $100,000. However correspondents say the company stands a good chance of getting the damages reduced or reversed on appeal. The jury was told that Gawker Media is worth $83 million, while Nick Denton has a total of $121 million.  Mr Daulerio has no assets, the court heard, only thousands of dollars in student debts.
The second instalment of the drama has already begun filming in Australia, with Elisabeth Moss reprising her role as detective Robin Griffin. Christie, who has also appeared in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, said she "could not feel more privileged" to be joining the cast. The first season of Top of the Lake was broadcast on BBC Two in 2013. The six-part series won an Emmy award for outstanding cinematography for a miniseries and Elisabeth Moss won a Golden Globe for best actress in a miniseries. The show is directed and co-written by Jane Campion - one of only four women to have been nominated for the best director Oscar. Christie, who plays Brienne of Tarth in Game of Thrones and Captain Phasma in Star Wars, will have a major role in the programme. She said: "Jane Campion has been a major creative influence throughout my life. "I could not feel more privileged to be working on the next instalment of unique and enthralling drama. "No specific details have been released about the character she will be playing. Elisabeth Moss, who has also starred in Mad Men and The West Wing, said: "I'm so excited to be back in Australia working with Jane on exploring this wonderful character. "I can't wait for audiences to see where we take Robin's journey". David Dencik, Alice Englert and Ewen Leslie will also appear in the the show's second season. Top Of The Lake: China Girl will pick up four years on from the ending of the first series, and will see Moss's character try to solve a case after the unidentified body of an Asian girl washes up on to Sydney's Bondi Beach. The new series will be co-directed by Ariel Kleiman and will consist of six hour-long episodes. Filming for the series commenced in Sydney on Monday, with the show expected to premiere on BBC Two in 2017.
Midfielder Jeff Hendrick has been ruled out because of a shoulder problem and has returned to his club Derby County. Harry Arter will miss the Dublin games because of an Achilles injury. The Bournemouth player, who has only one Republic cap, has returned to his club for treatment. Stoke City forward Walters sat out training sessions in Dublin over recent days. "Jeff has got a shoulder injury that he has had to deal with for quite a number of weeks now so we thought it best going back and getting is sorted a club level," said Republic manager Martin O'Neill. "Jon, I think he will be fit for Tuesday, he just thought he might be best to go home for a day or two.  He should be back on Friday night to watch the game.  He will definitely play on Tuesday. "Robbie Keane sat out training again on Wednesday but there is no real problem.  He will be okay and will be available for any of the two games.
The Murrayfield side are seventh in the table and face a difficult run-in as they seek a top-four finish. "We have five huge games coming up and I think we need to win all of them if we want a shout of the play-offs or even the top six," said Dickinson, 32. "It's really tight in the middle of the table. "Dickinson, with Willem Nel and Ross Ford part of an all-Edinburgh first-choice Scotland front row, has returned from international duty for the run-in. The immediate target is a win in Wales on Sunday against Newport Gwent Dragons before a home match against second-bottom Zebre five days later. Away games against Leinster and Munster follow before a Murrayfield date against Cardiff Blues. "We have to think about winning every game, that's what we have to target, starting with Dragons away which is always a brutal encounter," continued the former Gloucester prop. "It's a real tough run-in.  We just have to take each game as it comes.  We have a tough turnaround Sunday to Friday. "Asked to pinpoint what has led to Alan Solomons' men losing five of their last six matches in all competitions, he replied: "It's hard to know exactly what's gone wrong. "We have let ourselves down with errors, a couple of soft tries at times, which have killed us. "Sometimes these breaks between the Six Nations (games) don't help, you lose a bit of momentum, but this morning we had a good session so we are looking at things we need to improve on, just little things. "The guys who haven't been away with the national squad are good enough to win these games. "It's just touching up on our detail and being clinical and finishing the opportunities that we get and in the last few games we just haven't managed to do that.
The Easter Road side have lost their last four league games and seen Falkirk open a six-point gap in second place. Boss Alan Stubbs has given his players some rest during the international break to renew their energy and focus. "The boys are getting time off.  The manager said, 'you'd better come back refreshed', and it was an order rather than anything else," said McGinn. The midfielder joins up with the Scotland squad on Friday ahead of the second of their two friendlies against Denmark on Tuesday, and welcomes the change in scene. He told BBC Scotland: "It's good to get away.  We've played a lot of games, and that isn't a complaint or an excuse, it's just that sometimes it's good to get away from it to recharge the batteries and that's what we'll be doing. "A big reason for being up near the top of the table was keeping clean sheets and being very astute defensively.  Now we're conceding poor goals and not scoring goals at the other end. "It's a very confusing time for us, but we're determined to work as hard as we can.  We're just not getting the breaks or producing the quality we did in the first half of the season and it's something we're trying to eradicate, and hopefully we will before the end of the season. "Hibs have two games in hand on Falkirk, who lie in the promotion play-off spot, with Rangers a further 11 points clear at the top.   But Falkirk could extend their advantage to nine points by beating Livingston on Saturday. "It's close and that's fair play to Falkirk, and something we're disappointed by," McGinn noted.  "We're determined to get that second place and make sure we've got the best chance of going up. "I'm not playing as well as I was just before Christmas.  As a team, we're all not playing as we can and that's evident in the results that are coming for us.  We're working hard to try to nail down what the problem is and I'm sure we'll get back to winning ways sometime soon. "McGinn feels he has developed as a player since his move from St Mirren to Easter Road last summer, and credits Stubbs and the Hibs coaching staff for his improvement. As captain of the Scotland Under-21s, he was one of several young players who impressed Gordon Strachan when he spent time with the squad last November. The 21-year-old aims to use his time training with the squad ahead of the Denmark game at Hampden to show he can make the step up to full international level. "It's a big step up and I'm really looking forward to showing I'm capable of making that step up," he added.  "That's something myself and some of the other new boys will be looking to do. "The last trip with the 21s that Gordon was there, we knew from the stuff that Ricky [Sbragia] was telling us that he was really keen on how people conducted themselves about the place and in training. "We knew that if we trained well, we'd have a chance and he'd have a look at us.  It's something that I'll be looking to do this time again and hopefully perform as well as I did the last time. "My first few initial games for Scotland [Under-21s] were difficult.  I didn't adapt well, but the more I played the more I got used to the international style.  Being the captain of the 21s added a bit of maturity and helped me for the step up.
The 32-year-old had been playing in the Isthmian Premier Division with Leatherhead following his release by Newport at the end of last season. Pidgeley has made 260 appearances in spells with nine clubs, including Chelsea, Watford and Millwall. Forest Green are currently second in the National League table, one point behind leaders Cheltenham Town. Pidgeley could make his Rovers debut when they host Aldershot on Friday.
Pedro, 25, had been training with the Cumbrians and impressed in reserve games against Barrow and Burnley. The Angola-born wide-man has spent much of his career in the Dutch league with teams such as Feyenoord and Heracles, plus stints in Bulgaria and Romania. "We've seen enough to know that he adds something different to the group," said head of recruitment Lee Dykes. He told the club website: "This is a chance for him to show everyone what he can do. "Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The former Barcelona and Ajax forward died of cancer, aged 68, on Thursday. His family say they will hold a private funeral for the three-time European Footballer of the Year, while a public memorial will also be organised. "It has touched us deeply that Johan was such an inspiration to many of you," said ex-Manchester United midfielder Jordi in a statement. "On behalf of my mother, sisters and the rest of the family I would like to say thank you for all the love, kind words and memories that have been shared with us, since yesterday but also over the past months," added the 42-year-old, who played under his father at Barcelona. Cruyff, who led Barca to their first European Cup in 1992 and also managed Ajax, is widely considered to be one of the world's greatest ever players. Figures from the world of football, Dutch politicians and royalty were among those to pay tribute on Thursday.
A two-vehicle crash on the A470, between Church Street in Rhayader and the Llangurig roundabout, happened shortly after 11:45 GMT on Friday. It affected motorists travelling between Builth Wells and Llanidloes before the road reopened by 17:30. The A483, north of Welshpool, was later shut after a crash involving five vehicles just before 15:00 and the road remained closed into the evening.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceBlair Alston opened the scoring for the Bairns on the brink of half-time, heading an Aaron Muirhead cross into the bottom corner. John Baird netted his 18th of the season shortly after the break. But Derek Lyle pulled a goal back with a neat turn and finish and Iain Russell's strike levelled the scores in stoppage time.
Mellor, 25, joined Widnes on a dual registration contract with Wigan in 2011 before moving permanently in 2013. "For him to commit to continuing his development with us in pursuit of realising his own ambitions is an honour," head coach Denis Betts said. "He knows the way that we want to play and he has the attitude and energy that will keep enhancing the team.
The step may make some important new medicines more affordable in the developing world, by leaving the way clear for generic companies to make cheap copies of GSK's drugs. GSK said it would adopt a graduated approach linked to a country's wealth. It said it would still seek full patent protection in richer nations. The company says the changes it is making should help people who currently cannot afford life saving medicine. In the world's poorest countries, it will allow other companies to make generics or cheaper copies of its medicine. In what it calls lower middle income countries it will continue to file patents but will grant licences to generic manufacturers in exchange for a royalty. Pharmaceutical firms are often criticised for not making their medicines affordable to people in developing countries, but the firms have argued that patenting their products is the only way to ensure research for new treatments can be funded. One exception is HIV/AIDS, where the price of drugs for people in many poor nations who are living with the condition have been drastically reduced. Sufferers of other serious illnesses though, for example, cancer, often cannot afford the drugs to treat them. GSK says changes to the way it patents drugs will make its next generation of cancer drugs more affordable. Recent figures showed GSK's sales rose 2% to £6. 29bn in the quarter. However, the company fell to a pre-tax loss of £416m compared with a profit of £531m for the same period in 2014. New treatments for HIV, respiratory conditions and meningitis vaccines had sales of £682m in the quarter.
The girl band was due to play a matinee and evening show at the SSE Arena on Thursday. The cancellation was announced just minutes after the doors opened for the afternoon performance. Fans were later informed by text message that the show would not be going ahead as scheduled. Michael Green was in Belfast for the concert with his daughters, aged five and six. He said the family had been among fans who were disappointed when One Direction re-scheduled their Belfast concert last October. Mr Green told the BBC he felt "physically gutted and a little bit sick" when he was told the kids were to be let down again. "I thought this couldn't happen again, what are the chances?"Michael had surprised his daughters with the tickets on Christmas morning and travelled from Coleraine to see the girl band. He said he was worried the band would re-schedule for an afternoon when the children were back at school. "I'm really, really annoyed.  Once again they've waited until we got here to tell us it was cancelled. "Mother Geraldine McLaughlin had brought her stepdaughter, Stacey, to the concert for her birthday. She said the 16-year-old's birthday had been ruined by the news. "We came down to Belfast and booked into the Ramada to make a day of it," she said. "Stacey was so excited about this, I don't know what we'll do for the rest of the day. "We're just going to go back to the hotel now to get away from this chaos. "Thousands of young people were gathered at the SSE Arena at lunchtime on Thursday when the announcement was made via speakerphone. Ms McLaughlin said many of them were in tears. "It's not been handled very well," she said.  "There's absolute bedlam down here now. "Surely they could have informed us before we all landed at the place? This was minutes before the show was due to begin. "A statement from gig promoter Aikens said: "We regret to announce that both Little Mix shows at the SSE Arena will not take place today due to Jesy being unwell and not able to perform. "Please hold on to your tickets - we hope to be able to make a further announcement on possible rescheduling later today. "Ms McLaughlin pointed out that if the concert is rescheduled for next week, children will be back at school. "You can't just take a day off school and time off work for a concert," she said. Mother Sarah-Louise Murray had tickets for her and her three-year-old daughter, Scarlett, to see the band on Thursday afternoon. She said Scarlett had been in tears when she was told the concert was not going ahead. "We had special matching T-shirts made for the day and she was so looking forward to it. "We arrived after 13:00 when the doors were due to open because I wanted to avoid the crowds, but when we got to the arena the queues of people were still waiting outside. "When we heard from others that it was cancelled I put Scarlett back in the pram and told her we had to go home and come back another day. "It is the second major cancellation to disappoint young music fans in the city in recent times. Last October, One Direction called off a gig at the SSE at late notice after singer Liam Payne became ill.
South Africa-born Berg suffered the injury while playing against Nottinghamshire in Barbados. The 35-year-old will be assessed in the next two weeks to decide whether he will need an operation. "If there is an operation then you're looking at probably mid-season," said Benkenstein. "I'm hoping it's only six weeks if he doesn't have to have an operation," he told BBC Radio Solent.  "I never like operations and there's a chance he can get better without the operation.
Knox, 30, has arranged a practice round at Augusta with the 1988 winner. "It's not every tournament you have a fellow Scot and past champion to show you around," Knox told BBC Scotland. "I'm looking forward to it and hopefully he'll give me some great insider tips that he's learned over the years that might help me. "Lyle, 58, qualifies as a winner of the Green Jacket, and US-based Knox is the only other Scotsman in the field. Inverness-born Knox leapt up the rankings in November with victory at WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai and is currently No. 34 in the world. "I still can't quite believe I'm playing at the Masters," he enthused. "Growing up watching it on TV, now it's my turn to play.  It's truly an amazing honour. "Knox has had a taste of the other majors, finishing in a tie for 45th at the US Open in 2013, featuring at the US PGA Championship in 2014 and 2015 and making his Open debut as a reserve at St Andrews last year. "I've only been to Augusta once before," explained Knox, one of British golf's most promising players. "It's the most famous course in the world pretty much.  Obviously, St Andrews is right up there too. "Being the first major of the year and with all the history, Augusta just has this hype around it and golf is in a great place right now with so many young, amazing players. "There's such a buzz around the tournament.  The crowds seem amazing and then there's the condition of the course. "The whole thing is magical, a golfer's dream, and I can't wait to be a part of it.
The world champion has made bad starts to both races and is trailing Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg by 17 points after two victories for the German. Hamilton said his starting problems were "not a big issue", adding: "It is something we'll fix for the next race. "And he said he was "actually pretty chuffed" about finishing third in Bahrain after a first-lap collision. Hamilton started on pole but was second behind Rosberg by the first corner, where he was hit by Valtteri Bottas's Williams and dropped to seventh. The damage to his car cost him between 0. 8-1. 5 seconds a lap but Hamilton fought back to finish third behind Rosberg and Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen. Hamilton said his poor start in Australia two weeks ago was caused by a clutch problem and that in Bahrain "it was not entirely my fault but it was my reaction time that caused the delay". Asked whether he was concerned about having to make up ground to Rosberg, just as he did on his way to the title in 2014, he said: "Don't worry about it - I'm not. "He added: "This is a psychological game for sure, but with age and experience I'm in the most solid place I've been.  There's very little that can penetrate that. "We easily had the pace to win.  We didn't.  We all feel the pain, but I just said to the guys: 'There is a long way to go; let's not worry about it. '"I know it will come good.  We've had two poles and we'll get more. "Rosberg, whose victory in Bahrain was his fifth victory in a row including the final three races of last season, said: "I'm just enjoying the moment - fighting for wins, knowing I'm going to be fighting for the win in China.  I'm really not looking ahead. "However, he said Mercedes were concerned about the threat from Ferrari, whose lead driver Sebastian Vettel retired before the start with an engine failure. "They showed good pace," Rosberg said.  "They are close and they haven't shown what they can do because of various mishaps in the races so far. "They are coming at us strong and we need to be careful.
The banned cult was responsible for a deadly sarin nerve gas attack on the Tokyo subway in 1995, which killed 13 people and injured 5,000. Ten people were detained in the St Petersburg raids, Itar-Tass news agency says.  Forty-four Russians expelled from Montenegro are also being investigated. Aum leader Shoko Asahara and 12 other cultists got death sentences in Japan. The Russian raids targeted the homes and places of worship of suspected Aum cultists. Russian prosecutors say the cult has been pressurising people for donations.  They suspect it has up to 30,000 followers in Russia. Aum Shinrikyo began as a spiritual group mixing Hindu and Buddhist beliefs but became a paranoid doomsday cult obsessed with Armageddon. Some 189 Aum cultists have been put on trial in Japan.  Their leader Shoko Asahara was sentenced to death in 2004 and remains on death row.
The 23-year-old has scored 24 tries in 37 appearances for the Wolves. He could make his debut for Super League's bottom side in Friday's trip to Hull FC."With Jordan Tansey having returned to Wakefield, the opportunity for another outside back to come into the squad was there," managing director Richard Thewlis said.
England scrum-half Danny Care claimed a hat-trick, while loose forward Luke Wallace crossed twice as Quins booked a home semi-final against Grenoble. But Quins were given a real scare, not reclaiming the lead until late on. Irish ran in three tries through winger Fergus Mulchrone, scrum-half Brendan McKibbin and centre Sean Maitland. And the visitors put in a spirited display that bodes well for next weekend's 11th v 12th relegation battle at Newcastle. Irish and Quins are due to meet again at the Madejski Stadium on Sunday 1 May, on the penultimate weekend of the season. But the Exiles first face an even more crucial test next weekend in that crunch meeting with the Falcons on the artificial pitch at Kingston Park. Grenoble reached the last four with a 33-32 win over Connaght, while Montpellier, who beat Sale on Friday night, will play Newport Gwent Dragons, who put out holders Gloucester, in the other semi. Harlequins v Grenoble (The Stoop)Montpellier v Newport Gwent Dragons (Altrad Stadium)Matches to be played on 22/23/24 AprilHarlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea:"We'll take the result.  We're in a semi-final.  We're the only English side left in the competition.  We scored 20 unanswered points to come back from 30-18 down. "We were pretty inconsistent and that's the lesson we have to learn.  We were up against a proud set of players and they weren't going to roll over"They had the freedom to play and we probably had that little bit of weight of expectation.  It was up and down, but we scored some decisive points when the pressure was on. "London Irish assistant coach Clark Laidlaw told BBC Radio Berkshire:"We're really proud of the way the players performed.  It was always going to be a tough task coming here.  Harlequins are a pretty strong side who've been playing well throughout the year. "We got our noses in front and, if we could have held in there a little bit longer when we were two scores up, it could have been a different night. "But, we're hugely proud of the way the boys played and we're really hoping they can play with that freedom in the weeks to come before the end of the season. "Harlequins: Brown; Yarde, Lowe, Roberts, Visser; Botica, Care (capt); Lambert, Gray, A Jones, Merrick, Twomey, Robshaw, Wallace, Clifford. Replacements: Ward, O Evans, Sinckler, Matthews, Luamanu, Dickson, Marchant, Chisholm. London Irish: Fenby; Maitland, Mulchrone, Brophy-Clews, Fowlie; Geraghty, McKibbin; Smallbone, Paice (capt), Halavatau, Lloyd, Sinclair, Guest, Trayfoot, McCusker. Replacements: Cruse, Court, Palframan, Curry, Sisi, Ellis, Allinson, Steele. Referee: Marius Mitrea (Italy).
But the music in the air is understated these days.  Birdsong and the chatter of children have replaced the loud clang and clatter of heavy industry. It is not the hush of contentment, but the quiet of an industrial graveyard. A council leader warns of history repeating itself.  A local activist urges the people of Wales to show heart and spirit and fight back. The message to Port Talbot from Ravenscraig is blunt: don't let this happen to you. Ravenscraig steelworks in central Scotland closed in 1992 after a bitter 12-year fight. There is still a numbness here, the pain of a phantom limb still nearly unbearable almost a quarter of a century after amputation. The questions it raises - about the UK's industrial strategy and the way areas are treated when their main source of employment disappears - are still raw. Listen to Mark Mardell's full report from Ravenscraig on BBC Radio 4's The World This Weekend. Workers were given generous compensation and retrained, according to one union leader, but the promised regeneration never came. The 'Craig, as everyone around here calls it with familiar affection, covered an area twice the size of Monaco.  Today it is largely a wasteland, the biggest brownfield site in Europe. Very brown it is too.  Sure there is a gleaming glass-fronted further education college, a sports centre of dramatic design, a pub and some new homes.  But there are also swathes of churned up mud, puddles and scrubby grass. There were ambitious plans for the biggest new town in Europe and an immense shopping centre that would pull in people from all over Scotland.  But other retailers didn't like the idea and there was a lengthy court battle that went to the House of Lords. By the time it was over, the recession and the new enthusiasm for shopping online put paid to those dreams. Everyone I talk to speaks as if with one mind.  If regeneration is to happen it should be well-funded and immediate.  But it is not the answer.  The answer is "save our steel". What happened to the people of Ravenscraig - what they fear awaits families in Port Talbot - goes to the heart of a problem that haunts the West and reverberates in its politics. It is one part of the reason for the success of Donald Trump in the US and parties of the hard right and hard left in Europe, as well as the plight of the Labour Party in many parts of the UK.While globalisation may boost the world economy, while its masters feel as at home in Beijing, Birmingham and Berlin, it leaves a remnant floundering in a changing landscape, searching for more secure national identities rooted in a tried and tested past. It explains why we are hearing calls for trade tariffs when once protectionism seemed as old-fashioned as the intense battle over the Corn Laws. Steelworks, like coal mining and shipbuilding, were the source of jobs for generations and decent money.  But my visit to Ravenscraig reminded me that it was about more than just cash. I started my life as a journalist on Teesside in the north east of England at the time when closures were always in the air.  It seemed each week the Labour MPs would come up with a new "dossier of despair" chronicling decline. Not much has changed - Redcar's steelworks finally shut down last autumn. Later as an industrial reporter I covered the long and bitter miners' strike. The sector, hit by multiple mass extinctions, not only underpinned a region's economy but was a source of pride and purpose.  The sort of feeling that people have for their country or their football team, people had for their industry, their plant, their pit. Maybe that's an overly romantic generalisation but there's a truth in it. You don't get that sense of self worth from a call centre or a food court.  Nor do you get the power of the unions or a solid commitment to one political party. This is a phenomenon all over Europe and the US. The Rust Belt in the US goes on for mile after mile, rows of corroding chimneys and towers, inspiring Bruce Springsteen's despairing nostalgia for blue collar America. You can see similar discarded husks of heavy industry all over Eastern Europe. But there is a particularly British twist to this story.  I remember going to see the heartland of German industry, the Ruhr, six or seven years ago. Mining is dead but steel is very much alive.  Standing high up in a steelworks command centre, like the bridge of a ship, you can look down on an area much bigger than Ravenscraig, pumping out smoke and steam. Germany has a strategy that values manufacturing. The SNP government in Scotland would say it does too.  When Tata announced the planned closure of the last remaining steelworks, they acted.  Details of the deal are sketchy, but it appears the plants were nationalised for a few brief hours and then sold on. It is not just industrial giants Germany and the US who produce more steel than the UK. So do France, Italy and Spain. Perhaps, some would argue, that is because they are behind the times.  But the question is obvious - if I have been covering the decline of British steel all my working life, what have successive British governments been doing about it?At Ravenscraig you'll hear mutterings about "Maggie" and "the Conservatives".  But it is arguable that all recent governments have seen heavy industry as the past, and banking and services as the bright future - the market embraced with an enthusiasm not matched on the continent. This current steel crisis will pass, one way or another.  But it provokes big questions, not only about whether steel is a strategic resource, but about the future of work.  That does not mean it will result in a new strategy or new thinking. But this leaves a sense of bitterness in its wake.  As one man who worked at the 'Craig for 30 years put it: "You still need steel.  You can't make the Forth Bridge out of plastic.
NHS England medical director Sir Bruce Keogh says he worries they will put vulnerable people "at risk", while chief medical officer Dame Sally Davies says they will "inevitably lead to patients suffering" and Health Minister Ben Gummer claims they will be put in "harm's way". It's easy to understand why.  On 26 and 27 April junior doctors will stop providing emergency cover - unlike in the previous strikes in the contract dispute. It means as well as downing tools for their routine duties, medics will walk out of A&E units and intensive care departments, leaving some of the sickest and most vulnerable patients in the hands of others. But will the reality of the all-out strike be really as bad as the rhetoric? After all, the doctors' code of conduct produced by the General Medical Council decrees they must not harm patients or put them at risk. And the British Medical Association is adamant the stoppages do not breach this code because of the contingency plans being put in place. The union is legally bound to give the NHS seven days' notice of industrial action.  In this case the health service has had five weeks. The time has allowed hospital bosses to carefully consider what they need and put plans in place.  This has been done in partnership with BMA reps, while at a national level Department of Health and NHS England officials have been meeting regularly to ensure the contingency arrangements are satisfactory .  And as yet no hospital has yet said it cannot cope. This is because large chunks of the routine work has been postponed and staff will be redeployed into emergency areas.  There will be consultants, staff doctors - those who are not in training but have not yet reached consultant level - nurses, midwives and health care assistants in work. GPs are also being asked to keep a greater number of appointments free for urgent on-the-day cases than normal, while patients will be warned in the lead-up to the strike to think carefully about how they use the health service during the stoppages. The result is that there are plenty of people who think the system will run pretty smoothly.  The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists and Royal College of Emergency Medicine have both released statements saying they are satisfied with the arrangements being put in place. In fact, you could argue the result in some departments may be that the system may actually work better than on a normal day.  Take A&E, for example.  Having more consultants on the floor could actually speed up the flow of patients as they will be able to make quick decisions about the care patients need.  Although there is an argument the smaller hospitals with fewer consultants may find it more difficult. Meanwhile, in emergency surgery and intensive care the presence of consultants should, in theory, more than make up for the absence of the juniors. Also, it should be remembered that the stoppages are from 08:00 to 17:00 BST - not for 24 or 48 hours as the previous strikes have been - so there will be some respite during the two days. Instead, the problems might be more run of the mill.  Junior doctors play a vital role chasing up test results, ordering x-rays, taking bloods, ordering prescriptions and preparing patients for discharge. Consultants may not have the time to do some of these, their skills may be a little rusty or they may simply not know their way round the system to get on top of the jobs.  Senior nurses will be able to take some of the strain, but there is bound to be disruption. However, that doesn't mean the concerns being voiced are not justified.  Talking to those who work in the service, there does seem to be a weak spot. It concerns what happens if there is an unexpected emergency on a general or surgical ward or perhaps in a psychiatric unit.  When a patient collapses, a junior doctor would normally be one of the first on the scene. If they aren't there and a patient dies, questions will be naturally asked.   And this, perhaps, is the crux of the matter. It was a point made by Prof Lord Darzi of Denham, a surgeon and former health minister, in an article in the Daily Telegraph. .  He wrote that every family afflicted with heartbreak on the strike days "would always wonder" whether loved ones would have lived if junior doctors had been there.  Trust between doctors and society might be "irreparably damaged", he warned. This blog was first published on 15 April, but has since been updated to take into account subsequent developments.
"The accident meant the motorway was closed, making travel to Mourneview Park impossible for the team and fans travelling from Belfast," said the Irish Football Association. A new date for the match has yet to be confirmed by Uefa. Northern Ireland have three points from their first two Group Six qualifiers.
The promotion-chasing Lions took an early lead as Byron Webster headed past keeper Reice Charles-Cook from Shane Ferguson's corner,However, Shaun Williams was sent off for Millwall after just 26 minutes when he appeared to headbutt Ruben Lameiras. Coventry took advantage as John Fleck's 30-yard shot was followed up by Marcus Tudgay's toe-poke to grab victory. With four matches remaining, Millwall remain fifth in the play-off places, three points clear of seventh-placed Barnsley. Coventry, climb a place back up to 12th, eights points adrift of the play-off places, after only their third win in 17 matches. Sky Blues boss Tony Mowbray told BBC Coventry & Warwickshire:"On the balance of the play it was deserved.  It's never easy to play against 10 men. "But we saw it home.  Now we have to see if we can finish the season strongly. "It's important for the supporters of our club to see that we are fighting for every point. "Millwall manager Neil Harris told BBC Radio London:Media playback is not supported on this device"The sending off was a big blow.  Having just looked at it quickly, I've got no complaints. "We looked really solid, really organised.  I couldn't remember us giving too many chances away other than the opportunity just before half-time. "I'm delighted with the players because the spirit they showed and the fight they showed to get a result was terrific with ten men.
Carlisle's Hallam Hope was sent off for a dangerous challenge on Darnell Furlong before the U's James Dunne was denied by Mark Ellis block. Ben Williamson's tap-in for Cambridge was ruled offside and Derek Asamoah lifted over the bar from two yards. Ellis then picked up a second yellow for time-wasting and was sent off. Carlisle move down to 11th while Cambridge sit 12th, four and five points off the play-off places respectively.
The Daggers, who reached League One in 2010, needed victory to keep their slim survival hopes alive. Goals from Jamie Cureton and Clevid Dikamona gave them hope after Jay Simpson fired the O's into a 2-0 lead. But Armand Gnanduillet fired in the winner to relegate Dagenham and keep Orient's play-off hopes alive. Dagenham reached the Football League for the first time in their history in 2007, but they now return to the National League under John Still, the same manager who took the club from the Conference to League One. The Daggers have League Two's worst goal difference, and have conceded 20 goals more this season than they had at this point last term. Still's side have also struggled in attack, with 40-year-old striker Jamie Cureton netting nine goals, compared to the 20 he scored as Dagenham finished 14th in the 2014-15 campaign. Boss Still, who returned for his third spell at the club in December, told BBC Radio London on Wednesday that he is committed to helping the Daggers gain promotion from the National League next season. Victory leaves Orient two points adrift of the play-off spots and comes four days after player-manager Kevin Nolan was removed from his managerial role. Leyton Orient interim manager Andy Hessenthaler told BBC Radio London:Media playback is not supported on this device"For me to lose two managers this season has been very tough and I've found it very hard this week. "We had to be professional, we're here to do a job and if I wasn't professional then I wouldn't be true to myself. "We owe it to the fans.  At the end of the day there's nobody bigger than the football club - the fans are the biggest part of the football club. "We made it a little bit nervy because we gave two sloppy goals away, but in the end that's what we need to do now - we need to win games if we're going to get into the play-offs. "Dagenham & Redbridge manager John Still told BBC Radio London:"I think for half an hour in the first half we lacked organisation and lacked discipline. "If you haven't got organisation and you haven't got the discipline to play 90 minutes, the outcome is inevitable. "Dagenham over the years are going to get beat, it's responding to that that the club's not been able to do this year.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe 19-year-old nephew of trainer Willie Mullins led the 33-1 chance to victory in his first ride in the world-famous race. His nine-year-old mount, trained by Mouse Morris, triumphed by six lengths. "Everything just went to plan.  I couldn't give you a word to describe how I feel," said the jockey. The youngster had never even walked the Aintree course before Saturday's race, but he showed his skill to make up three lengths on The Last Samuri after the final fence to take the lead at the Elbow and go on to win. Rule The World, who has twice broken his pelvis, was the first horse since the 19th century to claim his maiden win over fences at the Grand National. David Mullins was pleased to play his part in the victory for owners Gigginstown House Stud, headed by airline boss Michael O'Leary. "Credit to Mouse, he told me before that this is probably one of the best horses he's ever had, he's just had small problems," added the teenager.  "So to get the call to ride this one was amazing. "I was getting worried that everything was going to plan, and then we hit the fourth-last [fence], and I was kind of delighted once we got back into a rhythm after that that something had gone wrong and it was going to happen coming across the line. "While there was joy for Mullins, there was frustration for Gigginstown's retained jockey Bryan Cooper, who opted to ride the winner's stable-mate First Lieutenant.  They fell at the second. O'Leary had sympathy for Cooper, who rode Don Cossack to victory in last month's Cheltenham Gold Cup. "Bryan had first choice, and to be fair to him, First Lieutenant has been working out of his skin," he said. "When Bryan made the decision on Thursday or Friday we were expecting good ground - had it been that way it would have been a very different race. "But the rain came and it favoured horses at the bottom end of the handicap. "Had Bryan been able to make the decision at three o'clock today he may well have chosen Rule The World. "That's the problem for retained riders: sometimes they have to make tough decisions and they get it wrong. "After his National win, Mullins rode Ivan Grozny (16-1) to victory for his uncle in the last race of the day. "You dream of things like this," he said.  "I couldn't ask for much more.  and to have a win for Willie is great after he gave me some good rides at Cheltenham. "Earlier in the day, Paul Townend, replacing the injured Ruby Walsh, had a short-priced double on Yorkhill (3-10 fav) in the Mersey Novices Hurdle and Douvan (2-13 fav) in the Maghull Novices Chase, to help him to the leading jockey award. And World Hurdle winner Thistlecrack (2-7 fav) completed a Cheltenham-Aintree double for jockey Tom Scudamore and trainer Colin Tizzard with an easy win in the Liverpool Stayers Hurdle.
Jonathan Forte hit the post for the visitors, who are six points above the bottom four, before Tareiq Holmes-Dennis sent an effort wide. Oldham keeper Joel Coleman saved a David Worrall shot at the other end. Main fired home after the hour mark as he latched on to Forte's pass to seal victory for the Latics. Oldham have a sizeable cushion above the League One relegation places with three games left to play, while Southend remain in 13th place.
Blades goalkeeper George Long saved Kyle Vassell's first-half spot kick. Billy Sharp then put the visitors ahead with a low shot, his 20th goal of the season, only for Abu Ogogo to level from Sullay Kaikai's cross. But Che Adams won it for United, who are four points outside the top six, firing in low from the edge of the box. Shrewsbury are now without a win in seven games, during which they have picked up just four points out of a possible 21. Shrewsbury manager Micky Mellon told BBC Radio Shropshire:"If I'm absolutely honest, which I always try to be, I thought the only team that was going to score was us because we looked like we had the momentum. "But then a bit of slack defending from a throw-in and we got punished.  It was hugely frustrating. "I couldn't fault much of the performance.  We deserved much more than we got, but a bit of loose defending on two occasions cost us.
It will house the town's library, a cafe, community space, and Anglesey's local history collection. Built in 1855, it was home to assembly rooms and a court. Last month, the Welsh Government successfully applied for a compulsory purchase order on the former owner of the market hall and the work is being funded by a Â£2. 3m lottery grant.
He had an initial spell with the Vikings between 2008 and 2013 and was named one of its 50 greatest players. Defensive end Allen, 34, last played for the Carolina Panthers in 2015 and also had spells with the Kansas City Chiefs and the Chicago Bears. "We are proud to have Jared retire as a member of the Vikings franchise," said Vikings owner Zygi Wilf.
Williams driver Felipe Massa suffered two left-rear wheel failures and Renault's Kevin Magnussen a suspected broken left rear suspension. The session was stopped for 30 minutes as officials launched an investigation and cleared the track of debris. Williams had a wheel problem.  Renault's turned out to be a suspension failure. Williams driver Valtteri Bottas said the team had found a problem with the "rim clearance" - the distance between the wheel and the wheel assembly - and that he had had the same problem as Massa but had been "more lucky". "If there is something under the rim too close, that can cause problems," the Finn said. Both Massa's failures happened on his first lap out of the pits on the entry to the Turn Six hairpin. On the first, Massa was pitched into a spin.  On the second, he did not lose control, but the tyre appeared to simply pop off the rim. There were no clear television pictures of the failure on Magnussen's car. Williams did not send either of its cars out again when the session was re-started with eight minutes remaining.  Magnussen, who had broken rear suspension, was also consigned to the pits. In a busy final few minutes of running, Rosberg supplanted early pace-setter Hamilton at the top of the times with a lap of one minute 38. 037 seconds. The world champion was 0. 146secs behind in the second Mercedes. Rosberg returned to the pits at the end of the session in "limp-home mode", his engineer telling him over the radio that he thought there was "an engine issue". Mercedes later diagnosed it as an ignition problem and said they hoped it would be solved for second practice. Hamilton already knows that he has a five-place grid drop from wherever he qualifies because of a gearbox change after the team discovered a potential problem and decided not to risk a retirement. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was third quickest, 0. 628secs off the pace and 0. 396secs quicker than Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo in fourth. Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen was fifth, ahead of Red Bull's Daniil Kvyat, Toro Rosso's Carlos Sainz and the McLaren of Jenson Button. Fernando Alonso returned to the McLaren after being forced to miss the last race in Bahrain because of a broken rib sustained in his high-speed crash at the season-opening Australian Grand Prix. The Spaniard faces further medical checks after the first session to establish whether he will be allowed to continue for the rest of the weekend but he made no public reports of any physical discomfort. Alonso was 12th fastest, 0. 564secs slower than Button.
The world number two won 6-2 6-0 in 66 minutes and will next play Rafael Nadal, who beat Stan Wawrinka 6-1 6-4. It was a much improved performance from Murray, who broke 10th seed Raonic's serve five times. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat Roger Federer 6-3 2-6 7-5, and fellow Frenchman Gael Monfils beat Marcel Granollers 6-2 6-4. "It's the most challenging surface for me every year," said Murray. "It normally takes me a few weeks to remember what I need to do, how to move, the way to build up the points and making sure you don't rush. "Murray needed almost three hours to beat Benoit Paire on Thursday and had struggled for form since the Australian Open in January - but he was close to his best against Raonic. The Scot, 28, dominated all aspects of the game but was especially aggressive on the return, denying the big-serving Raonic a single ace and breaking five times. "The two most important shots in tennis I did really well," added Murray. "I was getting a good read on the serve and, when he missed the first serve, I was being very offensive on the second serve return and putting him under pressure. "The serve and the return for me were the best they've been for a while and I'm glad, because they weren't so strong the last couple of matches. "Jamie Murray boosted his hopes of hanging on to the doubles world number one spot for a while longer as he and Brazil's Bruno Soares reached the semi-finals. The pair beat sixth seeds Rohan Bopanna and Florin Mergea 6-2 6-3, despite Murray requiring treatment on his thigh at one stage. Murray leads Marcelo Melo by just five points in the rankings and will face the Brazilian, and partner Ivan Dodig of Croatia, in the last four on Saturday. Andy Murray and Dom Inglot had a match point but could not convert as they lost 6-4 3-6 12-10 to France's in-form Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues. Never want to miss the latest tennis news? You can now add this sport and all the other sports and teams you follow to your personalised My Sport home.
The Australian Open champions, seeded fourth in Monte Carlo, sealed victory in 67 minutes. The Briton and the Brazilian went 4-0 up in the opening set and held firm to remain top of the ATP doubles rankings. A reflex Murray volley sealed the match and improved their season record to 17 wins and only three defeats. In the final they will meet either Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut, who beat Murray's brother Andy and Dominic Inglot on Friday, or Juan Sebastian Cabal and Robert Farah. Brazilian Melo would have regained his individual number one doubles ranking with victory alongside Dodig of Croatia. But the second seeds, playing in their first semi-final of the year, were unable to take any of their four break points and decisively lost serve in the ninth game of the second set. Never want to miss the latest tennis news? You can now add this sport and all the other sports and teams you follow to yourpersonalised My Sport home.
So how did the individual players on each side fare?Former Rangers and Scotland midfielder Stuart McCall assesses the performances of the Ibrox side, while former Celtic and Republic of Ireland goalkeeper Pat Bonner rates Ronny Deila's players. Wes Foderingham (goalkeeper) 7Did OK and kept passing the ball short out of defence, which was the basis of Rangers' approach.  Made a really important save from Tom Rogic soon after Celtic had clawed it back to 2-2.  That was a huge moment and then he saved from Scott Brown in the shootout. James Tavernier (defender) 7Everybody questioned him defensively beforehand, but he answered them all.  Only once did he revert to fouling Patrick Roberts and he didn't give Gary Mackay-Steven a sniff when faced with him.  Also kept attacking throughout, although it was a tired penalty kick he missed in the shootout. Rob Kiernan (defender) 7Showed great composure at times during the game, bringing the ball down and playing it out of dangerous areas with passing triangles.  Didn't play with any fear before his injury and was solid defensively. Danny Wilson (defender) 8Has improved in recent months and that showed in this game.  He took charge at the back and showed maturity and composure throughout.  Handled the difficult challenge of facing Griffiths well. Lee Wallace (defender) 8His energy levels were remarkable.  In the first half, he and Barrie McKay were excellent as a pairing.  Wallace had to defend well against Roberts, but kept to his strengths and was always bombing forward.  Even in extra time he was running beyond McKay to make things happen, and was strong defensively.  A consummate pro and played a captain's role. Andy Halliday (midfielder) 7Scott Brown dominated the midfield in last season's Old Firm game, but Halliday stood up to him, got tackles in and got the fans going.  He also showed a good range of passing.  Set the tone for Rangers early on with his energy and assertiveness and took responsibility by scoring Rangers' opening penalty in the shootout. Dominic Ball (midfielder) 7Played in the holding role and was booked in the second half so will miss the final.  Stefan Johansen created a couple of openings early on, but Ball was solid and kept the play moving.  Looked comfortable when he switched to centre-back after Kiernan was injured. Jason Holt (midfielder) 7Nice and bright in possession throughout, and was always looking to link up with the forwards in the final third.  Also didn't neglect his defensive duties.  His performance was like his season: consistent. Dean Shiels (forward) 7Was asked to play in a position that is not his strongest, wide on the right.  Tracked back and performed diligently, while contributing to Rangers' good possession in the first half. Kenny Miller (forward) 7Early on, his intelligent run beyond Charlie Mulgrew delivered a chance and Craig Gordon had to save well.  That's typical Miller, he sniffs out a chance and is always on the move.  Took his goal well, tucking it away as he has done all his career.  Typically sharp and hard working. Barrie McKay (forward) 9Even prior to the goal, he was Rangers' best player.  Early on, he and Wallace combined well down the left, as Rangers took the game to Celtic.  Has quick feet and glides past players.  Gave Mikael Lustig a hard game.  Always looked after the ball and scored an outstanding goal. Nicky Law (midfielder) 6It's always difficult to come into a game like this as a substitute.  He was also asked to play in an unfamiliar position wide on the right.  Will be disappointed to have let Kieran Tierney in to cross for Celtic's equaliser but he atoned in the shootout, with a cool penalty. Gedion Zelalam (midfielder) 6Filled in when Ball had to move into defence and tried to keep play moving.  Showed composure in the shootout to score a pressure penalty. Nicky Clark (forward) 6Worked hard and showed good energy when he replaced Miller.  Stepped up during the shootout but saw his effort savedCraig Gordon (goalkeeper) 7Did everything he was asked to do during the game.  He didn't have any chance with either of the Rangers goals, but gave Celtic hope in the shootout when he saved Clark's penalty. Mikael Lustig (defender) 6The Sweden international had a hard time against Barrie McKay, particularly in the first half.  He also didn't link up well with Patrick Roberts in front of him, and McKay and Wallace were able to get in a few times. Dedryck Boyata (defender) 5Only played for 23 minutes before leaving the field with an injury.  Still made a couple of mistakes in that time, being caught in possession and having to commit a foul to halt a Rangers attack. Charlie Mulgrew (defender) 6He was steady throughout the game at centre-back, and showed his experience.  Didn't do anything wrong, and was fine in possession.  Stepped up to take a penalty in the shootout. Kieran Tierney (defender) 8Clearly Celtic's best player.  At times he was up against two Rangers players, but still able to handle both of them very well.  Worked up and down the pitch, showed good defensive instincts and still had the legs and the wherewithal to create the equaliser late on in extra time with a great cross for Tom Rogic. Scott Brown (midfielder) 7Another steady performer for Celtic.  At the start of the second half, when Celtic needed to up the tempo, he pushed further forward and helped to haul his side back into the game.  He did what was asked of him. Nir Bitton (midfielder) 6In extra time he was signalling that he had a hamstring injury and needed to come off.  But he stayed on the pitch, kept playing on and then stepped up to take a spot-kick.  For all his ability, though, he was still too quiet at times. Gary Mackay-Steven (forward) 5Couldn't really get into the game.  Celtic did not use him that much, but in that case he then has to go looking for the ball, and demand to receive it.  The game passed him by. Stefan Johansen (midfielder) 5Didn't deliver enough on the day.  With his talent, he should have been more influential, but that's been the story of this season for the Norwegian international. Patrick Roberts (forward) 6Should have equalised in the first half when faced with an open goal and had another scoring opportunity in the second half on his right foot, so missed big chances.  Great delivery for the corner kick that Erik Sviatchenko scored from, but he tired late on. Leigh Griffiths (forward) 6Not one of his better games, looked jaded and could have worked the Rangers centre-backs more.  He didn't get the right supply, but still managed to hit the post and then the bar late on with a magnificent free-kick which could have won the game. Erik Sviatchenko (defender) 7Scored a powerful header and had two more on target.  Did OK defensively and shored Celtic up; his partnership alongside Mulgrew looked stronger. Callum McGregor (midfielder) 6Was busy when he came on, without influencing the outcome of the game.  Also missed one of the spot kicks. Tom Rogic (midfielder) 7Scored a great goal and made things happen when he came on.  Had more of an impact than the other substitutes, but missed the critical spot-kick and that will haunt him.
Resuming on 25-1 on day two, Lancashire batted throughout all three sessions to reach 311-8 at the close of play. England's Stuart Broad took 3-57, as did fellow paceman Jake Ball. But 55 from wicketkeeper Alex Davies, 48 from Alviro Petersen and then Livingstone's 63 not out helped the home side end the day on top. Coming in at number seven, at 156-5, with his side still 86 runs in arrears, Livingstone put on 72 for the sixth wicket with Davies. And the 22-year-old has so far put on a further 62 for the ninth wicket with Zimbabwean Kyle Jarvis, who ended the day also unbeaten on 36. Earlier, Warrington-born Steven Mullaney claimed the 50th first-class victim of his career on his old home ground when he had his former Red Rose team-mate, Lancashire captain Steven Croft, caught behind for 15. Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone told BBC Manchester:"I found out I was going to play on Friday afternoon.  It's been a very good day for me but also for the team.  We're in a strong position. "There's still two days left in the game so we're looking at building as big a lead as we can, so that we can set attacking fields in their second innings. "A lot's been said that we've got a young squad but that doesn't mean that we're not talented enough to fill the gap left by Ashwell Prince.  We're all working hard to try and prove people wrong. "Notts fast bowler Jackson Bird told BBC Radio Nottingham:"Obviously, it's a pretty flat wicket but we did well to contain them.  After the new ball lost its shine it was tough work. "It was disappointing we couldn't break that partnership.  Once it got soft there wasn't much bounce or movement at all. "They're only 69 ahead so hopefully we can get these last two wickets early.  We can still get a positive result.  Hopefully the wicket will start to go up and down and maybe reverse swing will come into it.  If we can get a reasonable lead, you never know on day four.
Maguire, 35, lost 10-7 to fellow Scot Alan McManus, his fourth consecutive first-round defeat in Sheffield. "I didn't feel anything," said the two-time semi-finalist.  "It's terrible. "It's embarrassing that you can't get up for a match at the World Championship, especially being lucky enough to actually qualify for it. "He added: "I need to look at things, I think.  I'll maybe need to speak to someone.  When I qualified, I was over the moon.  How can I possibly go out there as if I don't care? So there's something wrong. "Maguire, who qualified by reaching the China Open semi-finals, said he had tried everything to "fire myself up" for his 13th successive appearance at the Crucible. "Yesterday I was looking forward to it," he said.  "Today I was up for it, but as soon as I got out there I missed one ball and I just go 'whatever'. "He added: "I stamp my cue once and the referee has a go at me.  You're not allowed to care in this game.  Alan played better, so he deserved to win.  I just never showed up over the two days. "Maguire, who has been as high as two in the world rankings, said he was "just not good enough" from the start of the match and felt "flat". "I played better in the first four frames than I did for the rest of the match," he said.  "But it was still taking me two or three chances to win a frame. "McManus, who will face Ali Carter in the second round on Thursday, had sympathy for his close friend. "He'll be back and I feel for him," said McManus.  "He's had some tough runs here.   I'm going to have a blether with him, because he's such a good player. "I'll get him back hungry.  When he's hungry, he's an unbelievable animal.
He spoke after a crisis meeting in Brussels about the global steel glut that was attended by 30 countries. China has "absolutely recognised that it is a problem of overcapacity in their country", Mr Javid said. However, China rejected suggestions that it subsidised its loss-making steel companies, and the meeting ended without any formal agreement. Nevertheless, Mr Javid said China is "committing to do something about it and I think that's a very positive step forward". He said it was the first time all the major steel-producing nations had come together with the industry to discuss the issue of excess capacity. Mr Javid admitted that there was no "overnight solution" to the issue of excess production: "The discussion today with all these countries coming together is something that we pushed for, and . . .  China's participation will help make the difference. "Chinese steel output rose in March, according to official figures released last week, despite repeated pledges to cut capacity. Ministers and trade officials, including from the US and India, as well as the World Trade Organisation, World Steel Association and the private sector attended Monday's meeting, which was organised by the OECD.Mari Kiviniemi, OECD deputy secretary-general, said there was "very strong willingness" to hold further talks, with some countries wanting to take more "concrete steps". Gareth Stace, director of UK Steel, said: "We appear to be no closer to finding international action to put in place solutions.  This is a global problem which requires a global solution to remove current over-capacity and time is a luxury we don't have. "He called on China to take the same radical action that European steel producers had embraced. Earlier, China's official news agency said that blaming the country for the global steel industry's problems was a "lame and lazy excuse for protectionism". Xinhua said in an English-language commentary piece: "Blaming other countries is always an easy, sure-fire way for politicians to whip up a storm over domestic economic woes, but finger-pointing and protectionism are counter-productive.  The last thing the world needs is a trade war over this issue.  Far more jobs will be lost than gained if protectionism prevails. "EU trade commissioner Cecilia Malmstroem told the meeting the steel crisis was "now life or death for many companies", but that tariffs were "only a short-term bandage", adding: "Healing the sector's wounds requires sustained international cooperation leading to effective reform. "The internal market and industry commissioner, Elzbieta Bienkowska, said the European Union should consider allowing member nations to subsidise their steel industries. "We have to discuss whether we can't be more flexible in our judgment of state aid," she told the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung.  "We cannot push this industry any further. "63. 7bntonnes in 201567. 5% used in 201570. 9% used in 2014The steel crisis has put thousands of UK jobs under threat at plants including Port Talbot in south Wales. Tata Steel said last month that it was selling its unprofitable UK plants.  The company has blamed factors including high energy costs and China "dumping" steel on the global market. Britain's steel industry: What's going wrong?Roy Rickhuss, leader of the Community union, said the meeting was more concerned with the long term, rather than immediate action to save the UK industry. "Today's meeting seemed to be all about long-term challenges.  While these issues do need addressing, what we need is urgent short-term action from governments across Europe and beyond to get us through the current crisis and create a sustainable future for steel. "The Government has come under pressure to rescue Port Talbot and has been urged to consider part-nationalising the industry. Mr Javid said parties interested in Tata's UK assets had started to come forward: "It's too early to say much about them at this stage but the important thing is, as we said all along, we will do everything we can to help with that sales process.  The steel workers of Britain deserve nothing less. "The business secretary said that EY had been appointed to act as financial advisers on behalf of the Government, which was "committed to doing all it can to ensure a sustainable future for the UK steel industry". Tata has also appointed Standard Chartered bank as an additional adviser. The Indian group said on Monday that Bimlendra Jha has been appointed to the new role of chief executive of Tata Steel UK.He is executive chairman of the company's Long Products business in Europe and oversaw the sale of plants in Scunthorpe and Teesside to Greybull Capital earlier this month.
The Iceland lorry ended up in the grounds of St John's Church following the crash on Woodfield Street, Morriston, at about 04:50 BST on Wednesday. A spokeswoman for Iceland said the driver was taken ill at the wheel. He was taken to Morriston Hospital "as a precaution", South Wales Police said. Officers are investigating the cause of the crash, it added.
Ball, who featured against Pakistan A in Dubai, has taken six wickets in each of Notts' first two games and is the leading wicket-taker in Division One of the County Championship so far in 2016. Read said of the 25-year-old: "Last winter he got fitter and stronger. "Now he's genuinely lively and he does plenty with the new ball. "Read said Ball's assured early showings have demanded he lead Notts' bowling attack with the new ball alongside England's Stuart Broad. "Jake is in fantastic form with the ball," continued Read.  "He's had a great winter having been in Dubai with the Lions and has had a taste of what life is like with the ECB set-up.  He's really keen to progress that side of his career. "Notts director of cricket Mick Newell said Ball, who was their second-highest County Championship wicket taker with 39 last season, said he has been "terrific" so far in 2016. "That's a fantastic start to the season and he's setting a great example," added Newell. Despite Ball's efforts against Lancashire, Notts suffered an eight-wicket defeat in their second Country Championship match of the season on Wednesday, having beaten Surrey in their opening fixture.
Hannah Miley, Camilla Hattersley, Robbie Renwick, Ross Murdoch, Stephen Milne, Dan Wallace, Duncan Scott and Craig Benson will travel to Brazil. It means that Scottish swimmers make up 31% of the Team GB swim team for Rio. Wallace, a wildcard pick after falling short of the qualifying standard, Murdoch, Scott, Milne and Hattersley will be making their Olympic debuts. But, as expected, there is no place for Michael Jamieson, the 27-year-old who won a silver medal in the 200m breaststroke at the 2012 Olympics in London and had moved back to Edinburgh in a bid to make the team. Renwick and Miley will be competing in their third Olympics. Miley, who competed in Beijing and London, said: "It's quite hard to put into words what it feels like to be selected for my third Olympics. "I still love my sport as much as I've always done and to reach my third Olympics just highlights the dedication that me and my family have put into the sport. ""It's another fantastic opportunity to put myself out there against the very best in the world - in the biggest event in the world - and hopefully I can come out on top. "The 26-year-old, from the Garioch club, is hopeful of winning her first Olympic medal. "I feel a lot more confident, centred and happy this time around," said Miley. "My previous experiences have been great in Beijing and London, but I feel different heading into Rio and I'm confident that will help me to perform. "I'm more mature and more experienced and I'll approach this one differently to the previous two. "Murdoch will swim in the 100m breaststroke after failing to qualify for the more favoured 200m event. "It's bittersweet I didn't qualify in that event I was very close to but I was touched out by my team-mate Craig Benson, who I can say I'm absolutely delighted for," said Murdoch. This will be Murdoch's first appearance at an Olympic Games - but after winning bronze in the 100m breaststroke at the recent World Championships in Russia he's aiming high in Rio. "The time that I swam during the trials would be good enough to qualify for every Olympics final in history," he explained. "As I showed from Kazan all you need is a lane and I was in lane eight and I managed to get myself a bronze medal so at the minute my focus is to get myself through the rounds as easy as possible, get myself into an Olympic final and then anything can happen. "I'm really, really please to be selected as part of Team GB for this summer.  It's a bit of relief for me as I made the consideration time not the outright qualifying time.  I was pretty confident I would go, but now I know. "Renwick will also be eyeing a medal having won gold as part of the 4x200m freestyle relay team at the World Championships. For Stirling University team-mate Benson, it is a second Olympics having been the youngest member of the GB team in 2012.
Police forces tasked with implementing strict state interpretations of Islamic morality exist in several other states, including Saudi Arabia, Sudan and Malaysia. Many - especially those with an affinity with Western lifestyles - chafe against such restrictions on daily life, but others support the idea, and growing religious conservatism has led to pressure for similar forces to be created in countries that do not have them. Here are some places where "morality police" forces patrol:Name: Gasht-e Ershad (Persian for Guidance Patrols), supported by Basij militiaWho they are: Iran has had various forms of "morality police" since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, but the Gasht-e Ershad are currently the main agency tasked enforcing Iran's Islamic code of conduct in public. Their focus is on ensuring observance of hijab - mandatory rules requiring women to cover their hair and bodies and discouraging cosmetics. They are empowered to admonish suspects, impose fines or arrest members of the public, but under reforms that come into force this year, will soon no longer be able to do any of these things. Instead, 7,000 undercover Gasht-e Ershad agents will be deployed to report suspected transgressions to the police, who will decide whether to take action. The Gasht-e Ershad is thought to draw a lot of its personnel from the Basij, a hard-line paramilitary unit; it also includes many women. What people think: They are mainly seen as a scourge for urban women - usually from wealthier social groups - who try to push the boundaries of the dress code. This includes wearing the headscarf as far back on the head as possible, or by wearing looser clothing, especially in the heat of summer, although men sporting "Western" hairstyles are also at risk. Fear of encountering them has even prompted the creation of Android app that helps people avoid Gasht-e Ershad mobile checkpoints. President Hassan Rouhani has expressed opposition to the Gasht-e Ershad, but Iran's constitution gives him little sway over the security forces. Name: Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice, or Mutawa (Arabic for Particularly obedient to God)Who they are: Formed in 1940, the Mutawa is tasked with enforcing Islamic religious law - Sharia - in public places. This includes rules forbidding unrelated males and females to socialise in public, as well as a dress code that encourages women to wear a veil covering all but their eyes. Instead of a police-style uniform, they wear a traditional Saudi robe and keffiyeh. What people think: Although the Mutawa is widely disliked among liberals and the youth, general opinion in the conservative Sunni-majority kingdom supports it. But even conservatives have been irritated by recent high-profile cases deemed excessive or internationally embarrassing, such as an actor being charged for letting fans take selfies with him, or a female mannequin being seized because of its clothing. Perhaps in response to this criticism, the authorities have curbed the force's powers, as a result of which it can no longer arrest or pursue people but can only report them to the regular police. Name: Public Order PoliceWho they are: The Public Order Police was set up in 1993 to enforce Sharia enshrined in law for Muslims in the then-northern Sudan by President Omar al-Bashir. They have the power to arrest, and suspects are tried - often at speed - in special Public Order Courts; punishments can include flogging or prison. What people think: Many Sudanese resent their activity as an oppressive and often arbitrary interference in private lives, although some - mostly Salafists and other religious conservatives - support their activities. The force is known for shutting down private mixed-sex events, upbraiding women for immodest dress and raiding businesses seen as being in breach of Sharia. It drew international condemnation when female journalist Lubna al-Hussein was arrested and jailed after being caught wearing loose-fitting slacks in public in 2008. Name: Various, usually collectively known as "religious officers"Who they are: These are bodies run by Malaysia's federal states - or the federal government for federal territories - to enforce Sharia, which applies to the two thirds of the population who are Muslim. They have the power of arrest, and possible offences range from day-time eating during Ramadan to women and men being "in close proximity". Cases are tried by Sharia courts separate from the ordinary court system. What people think: Religious officers have often been accused of overstepping their remit - a situation often muddied by ambiguity about which takes precedence in certain cases - normal legislation or Sharia. In April, religious officers arrested several people during a raid on a transgender group's fundraising event, accusing participants of hosting a beauty pageant, which Muslims were banned from attending by a 1996 fatwa, or Islamic religious decree. The group denies the accusation. BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world.  You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
"There's a lot going on right now,"  the singer tells us.  And she's not wrong. The follow-up to her Mercury Prize-nominated debut, 2013's Sing To The Moon, is imminent.  Second album The Dreaming Room is due in June and her newest track Phenomenal Woman has just debuted as Annie Mac's hottest record on BBC Radio 1. "And then we have probably the most important live moment on TV in this country today," she adds. "It's all potentially extremely exciting - and that just means that I'm naturally terrified. "The singer's struggles with stage fright and anxiety are well-documented and live TV is a particular fear. Describing the concept as "just hellish", she tells us: "I'd rather die.  That's how I feel sometimes - I think, 'if I dropped dead I wouldn't have to do it!'. "So, it's perhaps surprising that the singer let us tag along as she kicked off the new series of Later. . .  with Jools Holland.  But it seems BBC Two's esteemed music show has a special place in her heart. "In the musician's world, you say 'Jools Holland' and all of a sudden you've got massive respect - it's like saying you got Glastonbury. "Her third time on Later. . .  she calls respected musician and presenter Holland a "genuine champion". "He called me this afternoon just to say that he'd been listening to my new record and he wanted to tell me specifically what song and what parts and why. "I tell you, in the TV world, it's not the kind of place where there's room for those kind of genuine interactions, just because there's so much pressure on everyone.  It's very special. "Here the diary of Laura's day. Tour manager Paul picks us up in sunny east London.  Laura's assistant Mariama is laden with popcorn and snacks as we pile into the silver Mercedes van bound for the studios in Kent.  The singer takes some me-time behind her shades, safe in the knowledge it's going to be a long day. "I'm such a weird person to be around before anything big," she admits. "I can't normally talk, so my team tend to just leave me to it, but I'll pick up. "Right now I want to be jumping up, but you don't want to celebrate before the main event, so I'm just trying to be as relaxed as I can. "We arrive to the sounds of Kano and his brass section sound-checking.  He's on the bill along with Paul Simon, The Coral, Jason Isbell and Lake Street Dive. Laura has the honour of opening and closing both the live and pre-recorded shows, something she says she's "glad you only find out on the day". "I'm doing Phenomenal Woman, Kiss My Feet - which the Jools team requested - and Overcome, the first single, which featured Nile Rogers. "I wanted to explode back onto the scene with something that was captivating in a much rawer and darker way.  That's why there's dance and so much movement this time around, and why it's such a visual album. "Backstage the band are split across two dressing rooms - one for the boys and one for the girls, where we're quickly made welcome as they debate which of the many black items of clothing they've brought will get worn. "There's nine of us - it's huge by pop terms, but I refused to compromise," says Laura. "With Sing To The Moon, six of us were trying to sound like an orchestra and a choir.  It was a stress. "My sister Dionne went from violin to guitar - literally learnt the guitar [and] is killing it - my brother's playing cello.  It feels much more like a band than me trying to do the solo artist thing.  We feel like a really solid family. "Still in her fur-lined boots and denim dress from the journey, Laura and the band head to the camera rehearsal.  Jools arrives and gives Laura a hug, waving hello to the production team.  Giant white cue cards are being written to help him introduce the acts. Running through each of their tracks twice, Laura sports her new keytar in place of her trademark piano. "Lady Mariama was up until 4am trying to make my keytar white.  I mean what the hell is that about?" she laughs. "Initially it was a joke idea, I was just messing about jamming with it, but it made so much sense.  I'm not stuck behind anything in a static way anymore, I can move and I can see people.  If I want to turn and feel the band I can do that.  We have such a good time now. "Time for some nourishment.  The team ("there's like millions of them. . .  making it work") are handed pocket money for the canteen, while Laura retreats to her dressing room.  As well as make-up, wardrobe and calming those nerves, she also has a TV interview to fit in. "I used to not eat, I couldn't eat.  But I've learned to, so you don't drop off after one song.  I have meatballs and sweet potato fries.  And a balance of water and red wine. ""[Designer] Alex Noble has done a lot of my clothes recently," says Laura.  "He is just on another planet.  He text me yesterday and I was just weeping emojis because the clothes are just. . .  I mean you'll see with the outfit tonight. "I made a visual essay for the album, this massive book [filled with] images, as stimulus for new music but also to help anybody I might be collaborating with.  Stylists or people in the label, anyone could take the book and go 'oh yeah, I'm listening and I'm looking'. "It means I get to talk less.  That's probably surprising to some people because I do love to natter! But it helps. "Minutes before show time, Laura's designer and assistant are still huddled together in one of the dressing rooms with a needle and thread and the singer's fabulous outfit in their hands. She's set to do an interview at Jools's famous piano, but the purple corset she'll be wearing (with matching super-flared trousers) will be too tight to sit down in.  Cue furious unpicking and re-stitching.  Eventually it's decided she'll do the interview standing up.  Problem solved. With the audience in place and schooled on how to cheer and clap in the correct manner, Laura's up first - opening the pre-recorded show with Maya Angelou-inspired anthem Phenomenal Woman. "If you're first out of the blocks - you're the thing in the room that makes the first sound.  I've been second and third before and everybody breathes when the sound's been made," says Laura. There's mild panic when the lighting desk freezes after The Coral perform, but after a few minutes of confusion they're rolling again. Later, a respectful hush descends as Paul Simon performs Sounds Of Silence in the centre of the studio. "He made me cry so much," says Laura.  "I kept thinking, 'why didn't I bring Mum to this gig?'.  She was raised on Simon and Garfunkel. "I ended up thinking about my whole life, my creative life. . .  what is this all about? Here I am literally stood in front of Mr Paul Simon. "With all the stars limbered up (and the shortest of toilet breaks), the second show goes live on BBC Two. "It's an amazing feeling because you know that it's happening now and everybody's tuned in, but at the same time - the fear and the dread.  You can't correct anything, so whatever comes out is it.  "Laura ends the live show on a high with Phenomenal Woman. "That for me was surprisingly wonderful, because live television literally - there's nothing that I'm more terrified of! And the live performance was better than the pre-record - what?!"It's all over.  The audience files out and the set's dismantled as artists and their teams pack up their gear and rush to congratulate each other. US outfit Lake Street Dive collar Laura for a picture, while she and sister Dionne seek out Kano for a snap ("Because he's fine.  And obviously amazing"). "I always forget how emotionally exhausting it is," says Laura. "The amount I invest into any performance is always bucket loads of sweat or tension that doesn't get released until I'm in that moment. "That's the uniqueness of a show like Jools's - you are getting that concentrated performance. "So what now?"Everybody laughs at me because I literally make a beeline for my bed after.  I'll probably eat again later because I always get a major appetite, which is why I have this thing [grabs belly area] that will never go away. "But yeah, I just conk out.  If I think about stuff I'll go nuts, because you've just put something out. "I mean I haven't had a child, but I imagine - like when you have a baby - it's out there.  I can't push it back in!"You can catch the extended edition of Later. . .  with Jools Holland on BBC Two on Friday 22 April at 23:15 BST or watch Tuesday night's live episode on the iPlayer now.
The 36-year-old former Coventry City, Derby County, Stoke City and Watford midfielder has signed a one-year deal and will take charge in the summer. "I want someone who can take the club forward towards league football," chief executive Colin Gordon said. Gordon also said they hope to tie up a deal for Worcester City joint boss Matt Gardiner to work alongside Eustace. "I've been working hard for a long time to get the perfect team together," Gordon, who has been in temporary charge of the first team since January, told BBC Hereford and Worcester. "I was very concerned we needed the knowledge of the league we're going into.  We've got balance and all bases covered. "Harriers have endured a turbulent season on and off the field, with the departures of Gary Whild and Dave Hockaday as managers and the pressure of severe financial difficulties. Media playback is not supported on this deviceRelegation from the top tier of non-league football was confirmed with Saturday's failure to beat Barrow. But with the club now of a much firmer financial footing, Gordon says the arrival of Solihull-born Eustace will take them to a new level. "He's a winner - a brilliant character and one of the best I've come across as a player in terms of coping with pressure," he added. "It would have been easier for him to have gone somewhere else as a coach and shadowing someone but that's not John's character - he's always been the boss in the dressing rooms he's been in. "Harriers, who are set to be in National League North next season, take on Dover in their final home game of the season on Saturday before finishing the campaign at Southport on 30 April.
Aiden Hughes, with an address of Balmoral Road, Bangor, posed as a teenage boy before meeting his victim in a Belfast park. During the meeting, he touched the girl over her clothes.  He later admitted the charge against him. Belfast Crown Court heard Hughes had marriage problems and took to the internet to "escape the stress". A prosecution lawyer told the court that Hughes met the girl on a social networking site, while pretending to be a 14-year-old called Matt Smith. They began exchanging emails which soon became sexual. Hughes asked the girl for meetings and later told her he was 20, and not 14 as previously stated, and admitted his name was Aiden. His victim reported that he made her feel "a little bit sorry for him". A defence solicitor for Hughes said he was a young man who did an extremely stupid thing and was deeply ashamed of his actions. The judge ruled Hughes be put on the Sex Offenders' Register for ten years and also made him the subject of a ten-year Sexual Offences Prevention Order, disqualifying him from working with children and restricting his use of the internet. On his release from prison, he will be required to live at an address approved by the authorities. The judge told Hughes the impact on the then 14-year-old could not be ignored or forgotten and that adults deliberately making contact with young children for sexual activity would not be tolerated.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceBennett, 66, was appointed head coach in February, succeeding Steve McNamara. "As a patriotic Englishman, you always want everything to be English and everyone involved to be from England," O'Loughlin, 33, told BBC Sport. "But I think that sport has changed and it is not always about that now. "England face Australia, New Zealand and Scotland in this year's Four Nations, which will be broadcast on the BBC and conclude at Liverpool Football Club's Anfield stadium. Bennett is the most successful coach in Australian rugby league history, with seven Grand Final wins. Media playback is not supported on this deviceHe has been given a two-year contract with England until the 2017 World Cup and will continue in his role as Brisbane Broncos boss. "Wayne is someone who has a lot about him," added Wigan forward O'Loughlin.  "You know what he has achieved in his career.  When I first met him, I was impressed with his focus on the job and the preparations he wanted to do. "Sometimes you introduce people in order to improve you and that is what the powers that be see Wayne doing. "Whether we need an Aussie or Kiwi to do that, as long as it is pushing our sport forward, that is the main decision that comes into it. "During McNamara's five-and-a-half-year reign, England were runners-up in the 2011 Four Nations and also reached the semi-finals of the 2013 World Cup. The former Bradford coach's last game in charge saw his side complete a 2-1 series win over New Zealand, the world's number one side. Despite improvement on the international stage, Australian National Rugby League sides thrashed their Super League counterparts in all three games during the World Club Series earlier this year. "Looking at the World Club Series games, you will see we haven't bridged the gap.  But, with the number of top English players we have produced at international level, we are bridging the gap there," added O'Loughlin. "We won the series against New Zealand last year, which was a massive step forward for us.  We have teams who are more than capable of competing in the NRL. If Wigan went there, we would improve because of the strength of the competition. "We may not win more games but it would improve our players massively.  Coaches and players over here are always looking to get better and we keep trying to bridge the gap. "Full-back Sam Tomkins returned to England with Wigan Warriors after a two-year spell with New Zealand Warriors, but has been unable to play this season because of a long-term knee injury. Forward Sam Burgess also returned to rugby league with the South Sydney Rabbitohs after a one-season spell with English rugby union side Bath. "Just having a bloke like Tomkins back at the club is great," said O'Loughlin.  "He has been good for the youngsters who have been playing in his position.  He is always there to give his opinion at the club, he is a is positive influence. "Burgess is a phenomenal player and it is great to have him back in an England jersey.  He is is an inspirational player and does his job very well.  He is very influential on the team and gets the best from the players around him. "He is a good leader too.  With him in the side, you have a better chance of winning.
It was the third day of hefty falls, sparked by news on Wednesday that the company admitted falsifying fuel economy data for more than 600,000 vehicles sold in Japan. Government officials raided a company office and authorities want a full report from the company in weeks. The shares are 40% cheaper than before news of the false data emerged. Elsewhere on the Asian markets, shares of consumer electronics giant Sony also traded lower and closed down 1. 7%. The company trimmed nearly 10% off its previous profit estimate for the full year to March 2016, due to a one-off charge.  Sony is scheduled to report its financial results next week. On the broader Japanese market, the benchmark Nikkei 225 index reversed earlier losses and ended the Friday session higher by 1. 2% - or 208. 87 points - at 17,572. 49. Other Asian markets traded lower on Friday, mirroring how US markets performed overnight. South Korea's Kospi closed down 0. 33% at 2,015. 49. In Australia the S&P ASX 200 ended the week down 0. 69% at 5,236. 39. China's Shanghai composite ended up 0. 2% to 2,959. 24. Meanwhile in Hong Kong the Hang Seng index dropped 0. 7% to trade at 21,467.
Carl Tremarco scored a well-worked goal on the break to give the visitors a half-time lead. That was extended early in the second period when Miles Storey's effort found the net via the post before Josh Meekings side-footed a third. Kris Doolan's consolation gave home fans something to clap but Jordan Roberts notched a fourth for Caley. It was an unusually abject performance from the Glasgow Jags, who were booed several times by their own fans and now sit six points ahead of the relegation zone with three games left. Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe match doubled as a bit of window shopping for Caley Thistle boss John Hughes, who has eyes for a few out-of-contract Partick players. One of them is Steven Lawless, who should have done better with a left-foot shot that he dragged wide following some combative work by Ryan Edwards. Partick's pre-match guide pointed out that the hosts had not scored a first-half goal at Firhill since 16 January, and it would be the visitors who hit the back of the net in the opening 45 minutes this time round in Maryhill. Inverness broke on the counter attack with just under a quarter-of-an-hour gone and a fine pass by Andrea Mbuyi-Mutombo released Tremarco. At first it seemed the Englishman was not sure what to do as he surged down the left, but he took the correct decision to plough on ahead and send a lovely finish into the far corner with the inside of his left boot. Sean Welsh watched his free-kick well saved by the diving Owain Fon Williams in the Inverness goalmouth soon after. Matters did not improve for the hosts after the break.  Caley Thistle immediately extended their lead when Meekings found Storey at the right edge of the box.  Hands were raised looking for an offside flag but the on-loan Swindon Town man focused on the task of hitting a shot goal-ward and in it went off the far post from a tight angle. The Firhill crowd got even more uneasy when Roberts' close-range effort hit the post following good set-up play by Mbuyi-Mutombo, then Partick goalkeeper Ryan Scully had to pull off a great stop to deny Storey getting his second of the afternoon. When Roberts' low drive narrowly missed the target moments later, the home support unleashed a barrage of boos. Meekings did not miss, however.  His controlled side-foot finish from Greg Tansey's corner made it three and very, very easy for Inverness. Doolan did eventually manage to reduce the deficit, rounding Fon Williams after his initial effort was saved, but it did not take long for the visitors to restore their three-goal lead. Richie Foran - who has had so many injury problems over the last two years - came on as a substitute and delivered a cross for Roberts to slam home at the back post and remind everyone which team had been in complete control.
The Lowland League champions, 3-0 up after the first leg.  went further ahead through Dougie Gair's chipped finish. Cove levelled on the day through Jamie Watt, but the Highland League champions could make up the remainder deficit. And Edinburgh will place League Two bottom side Shire over two legs for a place in that division. .
The former business secretary said the offer to take a 25% stake in the firm's UK operations is "quite close" to what he would have offered. He said it showed a commitment to south Wales after Tata announced it would sell its loss-making UK operations. But he said it was only a first step, with the steel market "awful". "The 25% offer is quite close to what I would have done," said Sir Vince, who served in the coalition government between 2010 and 2015. "It sends the right message the government is committed to south Wales and the steel industry and it is within the rules we have to operate. "However, speaking to BBC Radio Wales' Good Morning Wales, he said there were still "a lot of hurdles to overcome". "We don't know who the buyer is and if there is a buyer, if they will succeed because the economics of the situation at the moment are pretty awful with the low world prices [for steel] and ferocious competition," he said. This makes a management buyout "risky", Sir Vince said, adding that, long-term, habits in British industry must be changed, with a proper strategy drawn up and more products used that are made in the UK.Responding to suggestions his successor as business secretary, Sajid Javid, had been slow to intervene, he said the government was "reasonably cautious" because of the "economics of the industry". He said: "They haven't done a complete U-turn, but they have acknowledged reality that government has an absolutely key role working alongside private business and I'm encouraged by that. "As a starter it is a good move and we should applaud it.  Let's hope there is a good buyer and they can turn it around".
The 48-year-old took had been in charge of Posh since replacing Dave Robertson in September and lifted the club as high as the play-off places in January. But they have since fallen to 14th in the table and have lost four of their last five matches. Assistant Grant McCann will take charge for the final two games of the season. Westley was asked by BBC Radio Cambridgeshire if he felt increased pressure following Saturday's defeat and said: "I come to work every day and feel pressure, I put pressure on myself. "I don't like losing football matches, but I know the job here.  The job is to build long-term winning. "Right now the job is to get our young players on the pitch, to give them a chance to succeed and to grow, and that's what we've done (against Scunthorpe). "There'll be lessons learned by all of the players, and if we're going to be a successful club next year, then we need the young players to step up to the plate and the experience now will be useful for them. "The former Stevenage and Preston boss began his career at the ABAX Stadium with 10 wins from his first 14 matches in all competitions. However, after losing to West Brom in a FA Cup fourth-round replay on penalties and the January sale of forward Conor Washington, still the club's top scorer this season with 15, Posh lost six of their next seven league matches. After a brief run of three straight victories, the club's form dipped again, leading chairman Darragh MacAnthony to say "I employ over 300 people at Peterborough United, not one of those employees right now has a job in the summer". Earlier this week, Westley also bemoaned his side's poor discipline - the worst record in the Football League with 104 yellow cards and seven reds - saying it was costing them games. A brief statement on the Peterborough website read: "The club would like to thank Graham for his efforts on behalf of the football club. "Chairman Darragh MacAnthony will take time to speak to prospective candidates for the vacant manager position.
The Olympic bronze medallist split the strong Chinese pair of Aisen Chen, who took gold, and Qiu Bo to improve on his bronze-winning performance in Windsor, Canada a week ago. "There are still things I have to improve, but I'm very happy with the silver medal," said 21-year-old Daley. "It was fun to battle against Chinese divers to see who can come out on top. "He added on fina.org: "This is the last chance to compete against them before Rio.  That's exciting and nice to know that going into Olympic Games I can be very close to the Chinese. "Attention now switches to the European Aquatics Championships in London next month, a key part of Daley's preparations for Rio. "It will be a very special competition," said Daley.  "I live in London, train in London.  But it's going to be tough.
Everton supporter Michael Cullen, 50, completed the 11-day challenge ahead of his team's FA Cup semi-final against Manchester United on Saturday. He has now raised more than £53,000 for the Woodlands Hospice in Liverpool, having previously raised £30,000 after swimming the English Channel. Everton lost the game 2-1, with United scoring a late injury time winner. Mr Cullen said: "I'm very tired, but elated.  On the last day I was very happy all the way and it was great to arrive there. "I'm back at work tomorrow and I'm actually looking forward to getting back to normality. "Carole Riley, of Woodlands Hospice, said: "We are very proud and appreciative of Michael's efforts. "Not only has he generated a massive amount of money but he has raised the awareness and profile of Woodlands Hospice and the need for hospice services to such a wide audience. "We would like to give a massive big and sincere thank you to Speedo Mick and all those who have supported him.
Bent rescued a point for the Rams against Sheffield Wednesday, heading in the equaliser a minute after coming off the bench on Saturday. Derby, already assured of a play-off spot, are unbeaten in five games. "The main thing is that we go into the play-offs full of confidence and not losing games," Bent said. Former England striker Bent said falling at the first hurdle of the play-offs against West Ham in his last season with Ipswich Town in 2004-05 was a harsh early lesson in his career. "A fair few years ago now at Ipswich, our season had gone because we only managed to win one out of our last five games.  We went into the play-offs with no real confidence," Bent told BBC Radio Derby. As for his own personal form, Bent was pleased to make an impact as a substitute having not featured since Derby's 3-3 draw with Rotherham in March. The goal was the former Aston Villa, Sunderland and Charlton forward's first since netting the winner in Derby's 2-1 FA Cup third-round win against League Two side Hartlepool in January and only his second in the Championship this season. Bent scored 12 goals in 17 games during a loan spell at the iPro Stadium from Villa last season, before signing a full-time deal last summer. "The boys have been joking it was my first touch in three months, it was nice," Bent said. "It was a while for that one to come.  It's been difficult to get minutes on the pitch with the team playing really well, Chris Martin at the top of his game and the two wide men playing well. "To be match sharp is impossible if you play a few minutes every four or five weeks, but when you do get on the pitch you want to help the team out, and it worked.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe tournament kicks off with France playing Romania on Friday, 10 June and the final will take place at the Stade de France in Paris on 10 July.  Spain are hoping to retain the title they won in 2008 and 2012. England will be appearing at their ninth finals, while Wales and Northern Ireland have qualified for the first time. Good question - because, for the first time, there are 24 teams competing in the finals.  That is an increase from the 16 that had taken part in every edition since it was hosted in England in 1996. With six groups of four teams, it means the top two will qualify for the last 16, plus the four best third-placed finishers.  In other words, only eight teams will fail to qualify from the group stage. One point could be enough to put your team into the last 16 - and from then the tournament goes to a knockout format. As Greece proved by pulling off a sensational triumph at Euro 2004, trying to predict a winner is a difficult game. World champions Germany are understandably one of the favourites, while holders Spain are also short odds with the bookmakers. Germany finished top of their qualification group but booking their place in France was not without its hiccups - with defeats by Poland and the Republic of Ireland.  They have been beaten by France and England since qualifying but remain one to watch. Spain dominated international football between 2008 and 2012 but failed to qualify from their group at the 2014 World Cup.  Could this be a last hurrah for Vicente del Bosque's ageing but brilliant side?France won the World Cup as hosts in 1998 - can they repeat the famous success of the team led by Didier Deschamps, Zinedine Zidane and Laurent Blanc?A run into the latter stages by Les Bleus is likely to help restore national morale in a country still recovering from last year's deadly Paris attacks. France are the bookmakers' favourites to win the whole thing, but their form is tricky to gauge because they did not have to qualify for this tournament. Fast on the counter and unified after years of internal division, watch out for talented midfielders Paul Pogba and Blaise Matuidi. But they cannot call upon prolific Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema.  The French Football Federation (FFF) said he would not be picked after being investigated for his part in an alleged plot to blackmail Les Bleus team-mate Mathieu Valbuena, who did not make the squad. Well, there are three of them in France - only Scotland missed out - plus the Republic of Ireland.  It is going to get crowded too, because England and Wales are both in Group B, along with Russia and debutants Slovakia. Don't expect much work to get done when England and Wales play each other - that match in Lens will be shown live on BBC One, kick-off 14:00 BST, on Thursday, 16 June. Roy Hodgson's England have a good young team but doubts persist about their defence.  They breezed through their qualifying group with a perfect record of 10 wins, while confidence was further boosted with March's impressive win away at world champions Germany. Wales have got Real Madrid star Gareth Bale and plenty of heart.  Chris Coleman's side reached their first major tournament in 57 years after losing just once in qualification. Northern Ireland might have numerous players from England's lower leagues but they finished top of their qualifying group, losing just one of their 10 matches. Striker Kyle Lafferty could not get a game for club side Norwich during qualifying (he has since been loaned to Birmingham) but he scored seven crucial goals in nine games for his country. With the 24-team format offering hope to traditionally less-successful nations, five countries have taken advantage to secure their European Championship finals debut. Northern Ireland and Wales, of course, are two of them. Slovakia, who have been drawn alongside England and Wales in Group B, have qualified for the first time as an independent state.  A 1-0 win against Spain showed the 2010 World Cup qualifiers can mix it with Europe's elite.  Beware England and Wales. Albania have never been near a major finals, but edged out Denmark - the 1992 champions - in their qualifying group thanks to a shock win in Portugal.  Oh, and because they were awarded a 3-0 win in Serbia by the Court of Arbitration for Sport after a riot. With a population of roughly 330,000 (comparable to Coventry) and only 21,508 registered players, Iceland are unsurprisingly the smallest nation to ever qualify for the finals. How did they do that? By beating the Netherlands - 1988 winners and three-time semi-finalists - home and away during qualifying.  The Dutch, for the first time since 1984, will not be there. Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo, who was voted the world's second best player behind Argentina's Lionel Messi in the 2015 Ballon d'Or vote, heads a star-studded cast. Ronaldo will be leading Portugal's challenge, while Wales hope his club-mate Gareth Bale - the world's most expensive player - can transform his impressive La Liga form onto the international stage. World Cup winners Germany boast a host of stellar names who have impressed in previous tournaments, most notably Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer and forward Thomas Muller plus Real Madrid midfielder Toni Kroos. France's challenge is set to be driven by energetic Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba, who is still reportedly courting the attention of several English Premier League sides. Belgium are not short of star quality either.  Premier League pair Eden Hazard and Kevin de Bruyne will spearhead their quest for a first major tournament win, but the Red Devils are without injured captain Vincent Kompany. And Sweden superstar Zlatan Ibrahimovic, 34, will be hoping to illuminate an international tournament for what could be the final time. The Netherlands' failure to qualify leaves Bayern Munich winger Arjen Robben watching from home, while his club-mate Franck Ribery was not named in the France squad, despite suggestions he was considering ending his international retirement. The tournament's 51 games will be staged at 10 locations across France, including new stadiums in Bordeaux, Lille, Lyon and Nice. The opening match - between France and Romania on 10 June - and the 10 July final will be played at the Stade de France in Paris. Building the new venues and renovating historic grounds such as Marseille's Stade Velodrome has cost 1. 6bn euros (£1. 2bn) - modernisation which was necessary, organisers say, because France did not fully capitalise on hosting the 1998 World Cup. Vibrating stands, floating roofs and adjacent slag heaps - read BBC Sport's venue-by-venue guideIn March this year, the International Football Association Board (IFAB) ratified a host of revisions to the laws of the game in an attempt to remove inconsistencies and meet the needs of the modern game.  The changes came into effect on 1 June, so will apply for Euro 2016. More than 90 revisions were made, but these are some of the key changes:Kick-off: Previously, the ball had to go forward from kick-off but the rule has been changed to allow it to go in any direction. Pre-match red cards: Players can now be sent off before a match gets under way, although they can be replaced by another player in the match-day squad. Leaving the pitch after treatment: If a player is injured in a challenge resulting in a yellow or red card, they no longer have to leave the field and can have a quick assessment or medical treatment.  This change is designed to prevent situations where a team would be temporarily down to 10 players. The end of 'triple punishment': A professional foul inside the area will now normally result in a yellow card for the offender, and not a red.  This is to end the so-called triple punishment of penalty, dismissal and suspension, which was seen by some as excessive.  There are exceptions for when the offender will receive a red which include holding, pushing or pulling and violent conduct. Goalline technology, already established in the Premier League and elsewhere, will be used at Euro 2016. Yes.  But you had better be quick.  Most of the group games - including all of England's matches - are sold out. However, as of 9 June there are tickets available to watch Wales and Northern Ireland, plus other games involving some of the smaller nations.  There are also tickets available for the opening game between France and Romania - at 395 euros each. Find the latest ticket details on Uefa's official Euro 2016 websiteEach of the 10 host cities will have official Uefa fan zones.  The fan zones will have a giant screen for showing all of the matches throughout the tournament. The biggest will be in Paris, where up to 90,000 supporters can gather on the Champ de Mars - in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower. You won't miss a kick. The BBC and ITV will bring audiences closer to the heart of the action than ever before with extensive coverage of Euro 2016. The BBC will showcase 26 live matches on TV and streamed online within its 140 hours of programming, including highlights on BBC One, BBC Two and the Red Button plus 24 days of coverage on Radio 5 live. The BBC's Euro 2016 digital service will feature live broadcasts of all BBC games, commentary and live text coverage of every game featuring in-game highlight clips, on-demand highlights of every goal, breaking news, exclusive features and expert analysis. ITV will be home to 26 live games across ITV1 and ITV4, which will be simulcast live on the ITV Hub. READ MORE: Ferdinand and Henry join BBC coverage for the EurosThe French government has extended a state of emergency imposed after the Paris attacks in November to cover Euro 2016. The coordinated gun and bomb attacks in Paris on 13 November killed 130 people and were claimed by so-called Islamic State. The Stade de France, which was targeted by suicide bombers, will host the opening match of Euro 2016 and the final. The current state of emergency gives police extra powers to conduct searches and put people under house arrest. More than 90,000 police, soldiers and private security agents are being deployed as well.
The Staggies won the League Cup and have secured a top-six finish. Mark Warburton is in the running after steering Rangers to the Championship title, lifting the Challenge Cup and reaching the Scottish Cup final. Peter Houston, whose Falkirk side lie second in the Championship, and Jim McInally, whose Peterhead are third in League One, are also nominated. Part-time Peterhead also reached the Challenge Cup final and still have a chance of promotion via the Championship play-offs. Falkirk have reached the Premiership play-offs and presently lead Hibernian in the race to finish second in the second-tier table. Bairns manager Peter Houston told BBC Scotland: "I am thrilled that people have voted for me and it has come as a surprise. "Because I look at other managers and the resources they have and some wonderful jobs are being done. "McIntyre's County knocked holders Celtic out of the League Cup semi-finals before lifting the trophy for the first time. The County manager said: "It was a big surprise as there are some fantastic nominees beside me and there also other managers out there who have had real success this season by winning their leagues and they have not been nominated. "There is no place on the award shortlist for Celtic's Ronny Deila, whose side are poised to win the Premiership title - their fifth successive league triumph. However, the Norwegian has already announced he will stand down at the end of the season after failing to win either domestic cup competition and having had poor campaigns in the Champions League qualifiers and Europa League group stage. Despite Deila leading his side to a league and League Cup double, last season's award went to John Hughes, whose Inverness Caledonian Thistle side lifted the Scottish Cup and finished third in the Premiership - their highest-ever position ensuring a debut in European competition. The 2014 winner, Derek McInnes, also does not make the shortlist this time despite his Aberdeen side posing the biggest challenge to Celtic for a second year running in the top flight. Neither does Allan Johnston, who won the award in 2013 for leading Queen of the South to the third-tier title and has done so again with Dunfermline Athletic, and Gary Naysmith, whose East Fife side have won League Two. Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson is another notable absentee, with his side sitting third in the Premiership after winning promotion last season.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceDing scored at least a half-century in every frame he won as he extended his first-session lead from 6-2 to 10-2. Williams, who had to play with a new tip after splitting his old one on Monday, managed to pot just two balls before the mid-session interval. The Welshman did take frame 13, but China's Ding powered to victory. Two-time Crucible champion Williams only made two half-centuries, but said he was destined to lose from the moment he split his old tip. "I got beat easily and, to be honest, deep down I knew I would so I cannot really grumble," said Williams, 41. "I was playing, and feeling, brilliant.  With the players left in, it was probably my best chance of winning the World Championship. "But as soon as my tip split the night before I knew then that my chances were gone.  It was almost impossible.  It didn't matter who I played. "He played good but in the first session, I feel, if I had my normal tip I would have been in front. "Ding still had to take his opportunities and he did so in devastating style. Williams was so accustomed to sitting in his chair during a one-sided start to the evening session, that Ding had to remind his opponent to get up and go in for a break. The Welshman then joked that he had Ding "rattled" and his "head had gone" when he tweeted during the interlude. Ding, who last reached the semi-finals in 2011, has dropped down to 17 in the world and had to qualify for this year's tournament. But the 29-year-old looked to be reaping the reward of so much time in play during a one-sided morning session where he was sharp and fluent in taking six from seven frames after Williams won the opener. And he sealed victory with little fuss, grabbing his 11th score of more than 50 on his way. "I got some easy chances in the match because Mark had a lot of bad kicks," Ding said.  "And every player has a big problem if they have a new tip. "I controlled the game, took my chances and made some good breaks.  I was confident.  Every time I saw a chance I thought I could go for it and pot it. "In the evening's other match, world number one Mark Selby maintained his four-frame advantage over gutsy qualifier Kyren Wilson to lead 10-6 with a session to play. Wilson, who beat top-10 seeds Joe Perry and Mark Allen to reach the last eight, had chances in the first three frames but lost them all as the 2014 champion Selby built a 6-0 lead. The Kettering man responded by taking the next two and then won a scrappy ninth frame of a disjointed match to get to within three. But Selby's famed matchplay saw him keep his rival at bay and he won a tense final frame to avoid his lead being reduced to two frames. Wilson and Selby return to finish their match on Wednesday morning.
Fr John Sullivan  (1861 - 1933) was one of 39 to be named in a decree signed by Pope Francis to be beatified - officially recognised as 'Blessed'. He was declared a 'Servant of God' in 1960 and in 2014 he was made a 'Venerable' by Pope Francis. In certain circumstances beatification can later lead to sainthood. Fr Sullivan was brought up by a wealthy protestant family and was a later teacher at Clongowes Wood College in County Kildare. Since the 1940s Fr Sullivan's supporters have been campaigning for him to be made a saint. The attribution of a miracle is given to those who have died for the faith, while receiving a sainthood requires a miracle. Those named on the decree include Albanian Bishop, Vincens Prenushi, who died in prison in 1949 after being tortured for demanding the formation of a breakaway Albanian church under the country's former communist regime. Albania was declared as the world's first atheist state in 1967. Pope Francis also recognised a further 37 Albanian clerics and aspiring clerics, who were killed between 1945 and 1974, as martyrs. During a visit to Albania in 2014, Pope Francis paid tribute to all those who died.
An app which helps people share pictures of litter and report it to their local council may not seem a threat. But to one of the world's largest corporations it was, with the US internet giant's lawyers saying the name was "unacceptable". Trademark infringement cases are not new, so how have they been won or lost in the past?Back when the iPhone and Macbook were a twinkle in Steve Jobs' eye, there was a bigger Apple. Set up by The Beatles in 1968 to release their songs and manage their creative affairs, Apple Corps was the first. The dispute dates back to 1980, when the George Harrison noticed an advert for a fledgling computer company in a magazine. The sides reached a deal in 1981 allowing Apple to use the name as long as it stuck to computers, while The Beatles' company would continue in the entertainment field. With the advent of iTunes and the iPod this changed and battle recommenced. A deal was finally struck in 2007 with Jobs' Apple taking full control of the brand, licensing certain trademarks back to Apple Corps. A popular sandwich bar in Birmingham faced the wrath of Hollywood with its choice of Hungry Hobbit as the name for its business. The cafe chose the name in honour of the author who grew up in the Moseley area. But in 2012 lawyers for the Saul Zaentz Company objected saying it was trademark infringement. A campaign ensued with actor Stephen Fry voicing support for the eatery. As of 2016 its name remains the same. Before Little Mix became chart sensations they were plain old Rhythmix- a group of X Factor contestants pushed together in the hope of forming a successful girl band. Unfortunately for them, and X Factor, the name Rhythmix was already being used by a Brighton charity. Simon Cowell's show eventually caved in and a new name was sought. The four girls were said to have come up with the name Little Mix themselves. A comedy club chain may be responsible for forcing one of the biggest TV hits of the past 10 years to change its name. The owner of The Glee Club, Mark Tughan, took 20th Century Fox to court in 2014 arguing its TV show Glee breached its trademark rights. He won his case.  What's more, he recently won an appeal. However, 20th Century Fox said it is planning a fresh round of appeals.
David Annett, 38, of Church Road, Dromara pleaded guilty at Craigavon Crown Court to a total of four charges. He admitted defrauding the First Trust Bank, two counts of theft and transferring over £110,000 of property out of his employer's business account. In August 2012, Annett went into Lurgan police station to admit responsibility. A prosecution lawyer told the court that in 2007, while working for Portadown-based JP Hagan Solicitors he was "approached by a senior partner who asked him if he wanted to become a partner in the firm. ""The offer came at a cost - the cost was £250,000.  The defendant remortgaged his home at Church Road with First Trust Bank/Allied Irish Bank. "Personal accountHe already had a mortgage with UCB Home Loans, which totalled £220,000. The lawyer said that the First Trust Bank believed "they would be the first charge on the property". The money was released to Hagan's Solicitors to settle the UCB mortgage and pay the £250,000 to take up the partnership. However, the lawyer said, the UCB mortgage "was not discharged" and "the defendant accessed the business account and transferred the entire amount of monies into his personal account". In another incident, Annett was approached by a County Down family who had been offered £25,000 to buy its land. Investment propertyHe said he would have the money checked out under the proceeds of crime legislation. Whilst having the money in his possession Annett removed £17,380 out of the £25,000. The court also heard that, in March 2008, Annett moved £112,000 out of the law firm's business account to "buy himself an investment property in Corby, England". A defence lawyer said that, after going to the police station.  Annett went to see his minister and the elders of his church and confessed his crimes.
But after losing their opening home fixture, 40 overs of play were possible before the weather closed in. It was dominated by Tom Westley and Cook following the loss of Nick Browne. Their unbroken stand of 128 in 37 overs, with the stylish Westley making an unbeaten 70, fully justified Essex's decision to bat first, reaching 144-1. He was the more aggressive batsmen, reaching his half century off 64 balls to brighten a gloomy, drizzly day. It was the sixth successive first-class match in which he has passed 50, starting with his appearance for the MCC in Abu Dhabi against county champions Yorkshire in March. England Test captain Cook, who has already scored two centuries this season against Gloucestershire and Sussex, hit seven fours and a six off England team-mate Moeen Ali as he completed a more sedate fifty off 112 balls. Rain and bad light meant the loss of the entire afternoon session following a morning session in which Worcestershire's New Zealand international fast bowler Matt Henry went for 11 off his first over before quickly claiming the only wicket to fall when he had Browne caught behind. Worcestershire assistant coach Matt Mason told BBC Hereford & Worcester:"It was a frustrating day to watch as a coach because I know anything we do isn't through lack of effort. "But we didn't quite have our discipline with us this morning and probably over-pitched and were a little bit on the full side with deliveries at times. "Credit to them in some ways in trying to get those wickets early but they just didn't quite get it right and it cost us momentum really. "Essex head coach Chris Silverwood:"We were delighted to win the toss.  We got off to a good start.  It is essential if you want to capitalise when you have won the toss. "We have got ourselves in a reasonable position.  I won't count any chickens yet.  There is still along way to go. "But hopefully we can restart tomorrow morning and build on the start the guys at the top of the order have given us and see where that takes us.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceWorld number one Selby, the 2014 champion, looked impressive as he went 3-0 ahead with half-century breaks in frames two and three. Hong Kong's Fu hit back with a 72, and the pair shared four frames after the mid-session interval. China's Ding Junhui leads Alan McManus 6-2 in the other semi-final. Both Ding and Fu are hoping to become the first Asian player to win the sport's showpiece event. But Fu's chances appear fainter than Ding's after a characteristically dogged effort by Leicester's Selby in the best-of-33 contest. World number 14 Fu began anxiously, perhaps affected by the late jitters that saw him surrender a 9-1 lead in his 13-11 win over Barry Hawkins. Selby won a scrappy opener in which both men wasted a couple of chances, and he also took the second frame with a diligent 56. At 3-0 behind Fu made the most of a decent opening to score a well-constructed 72 before pinching a thrilling fifth frame full of incredible escapes, missed chances and numerous flukes. A 31-minute frame then went Selby's way for him to lead to 4-2 before they shared the final two frames, Fu with a fluent 89 and Selby scoring 69. Fu fought back impressively to keep alive his chances of going one better than Thailand's James Wattana - the first player from Asia to reach the last four at the Crucible. In 1993, the same year as the first of Wattana's two appearances, McManus graced that stage of the event for the second timeBut, 23 years on, the veteran Scot's hopes of progressing further look slim. Ding was in intimidating form from the start, opening with a break of 100 and scoring two further tons and two half-centuries to go 5-0 up. McManus, at 45, the oldest man to reach a Crucible semi-final since Ray Reardon in 1985, had scored just 47 points. But he showed his tactical nous to win two lengthy frames and get back to 5-2, before Ding ended with a 128. McManus did little wrong in the first five frames, but had every minor mistake punished by the world number 17. Ding had to win three qualifying rounds to reach this stage, but seems to have benefited from the extra table time. The 29-year-old has looked increasingly sharp, and has stayed fresh thanks to his fluent form which earned him an extra day's rest for beating Mark Williams inside two sessions in the quarter-finals. John Parrott, 1991 world champion: "Ding was superb.  His break building and his match play has been fantastic.  But I think he needed to win the last frame.  The way he dominated the session, if he hadn't come out of it at least 6-2 he would have been kicking himself.
Are those voices being heard when it comes to the election?Courses to help young people get into work are held at the Spectrum Centre on the Shankill Road in Belfast. Among them is 18-year-old Donna Rennie who said she would "love to get a job". "I've applied for loads but it doesn't work, there's always somebody better," she said. "It's not a nice feeling. "It's a feeling Marc Young knows only too well. "I went to school, got my GCSEs and A-levels and I thought I would walk into a job but I haven't," he added. "I've applied everywhere and just haven't heard back which is really frustrating. "So what is the answer? What should the politicians be doing?William Glass has been in and out of jobs for the past two years since leaving school at 16. "Why not spend the time, the four years in school, training for a job or career that you want to be in?"Then more people are going to have the skills they need for the job.  "I want a career, I don't want to be going from job to job. "Thomas McKeown is looking for a job in youth work and he feels frustrated when he watches what happens at Stormont. "I feel the politicians today are just so bitter-minded about wanting to get one up on each other," he said. "How long do we actually want this to go on? It's been going on long enough. "William agrees: "I believe there are people in Stormont who are stuck in the past and fighting.  "For me, that era is truly over. "I want to see people using legal highs to get help and I want to see drug reform and better health care. "And Dylan Bell believes the politicians need to be more visible when it isn't election time. "You see the politicians round your door every day for a month and a half," he said. "Then the rest of the ten and a half months you see them on the news and that's it - they're more worried about being on the big screen.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Hammers are leaving their home of 112 years at the end of this season for the Olympic Stadium in Stratford. It has been a much-publicised move - including revelations that the Premier League club will only pay £2. 5m a year in rent for their new home - but seemingly a popular one, with in excess of 50,000 season tickets already sold. But the Upton Park area is also home to thriving businesses, whose well-being is in large part due to the activity a matchday brings. The 35,000-seater stadium will be replaced by flats, but food outlets, pubs and street traders face an uncertain future when the Hammers move from E13 to E20. Supporters have a number of pre-match eating rituals, be it the temptation of sizzling onions at a burger stand, a trip to the chippy or, in East London, the traditional option of pie and mash. Full English breakfast and sausage sandwiches are the best-sellers at Ken's Cafe on Green Street, which has been family-run for 50 years. "My dad started it off and we are all carrying it on.  I was born here," the eponymous Ken told BBC Radio London. "Dad's still out the back cooking and mum is serving.  West Ham is in the blood and it's been good to us. "It will be a bit quieter but we'll survive.  We'll carry on because we've got all our regulars that come in during the week. "Up the road, Osman Mustafa of Queen's Fish Bar is less optimistic about his prospects. "At least 25% of our business comes from West Ham," he said. "I hope I can keep going.  With knocking the stadium down and the construction to develop the new flats, the workers there will help for a while.  After a few years, I don't know.  It will affect us terribly. "When the Hammers are at home, healthy queues also form outside Nathan's Pies and Eels shop on the Barking Road, but Richard Nathan is also unsure if his family-run business, first opened in 1938, will survive. "It managed to survive through the second World War and various family members managed to keep it going.  There is a lot of history," he said. "It has kept going through thick and thin but things change. "Pubs close to football grounds are always busy on matchdays and that is true of those near the Boleyn Ground. Ron Bolwell owns The Queens and The Denmark Arms and estimates he will lose almost half a million pounds in income, which makes up two thirds of his turnover. He intends to reassess his financial situation after three months. "On a matchday, you just can't move with the football fans and the atmosphere," he said. "Our rates are very high and our rents are high. "The brewery have mentioned they will come along and see if we can redevelop the pubs and see if we can do something different to get more people in. "Independent programme seller Paul Vickery shifts approximately 2,000 official programmes per game from his pitch directly opposite Upton Park tube station. "My life has been all West Ham," the 51-year-old said. "I grew up selling eels and singing 'cockles and mussels'.  Burgers, hot-dogs - you name it I've sold it. "Vickery is considering whether to follow the club to the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park - but believes Upton Park will suffer in the long-term. "I spoke to [West Ham co-owner] David Gold and asked 'what happens about us?' and he said 'you never know what is going to happen'. "What I do know is they sold their ground and made plenty of money and then all of a sudden they rent another one.  Who is in the money - him or me?"Upton Park is going to be dead.  It is going to be a has-been. "However, Sir Robin Wales, the Mayor of Newham, believes West Ham's move will not necessarily damage the economy in Upton Park. "If you ever go to a match, very little is spent by fans in the market and elsewhere," the 61-year-old said.  "They have just come for the game. "There will be some cafes and things which will struggle and a few pubs.  But fans will be drinking in Stratford so there will be jobs and opportunities there. "I am comfortable we don't have a major problem, except for a few businesses which are specifically set up to cater for the fans coming in. "Sir Robin says Newham Council have held talks with some businesses in Upton Park. "We had some initial conversations with one or two and we think it would be good to be supportive," he added. "We are waiting to see what happens.  Otherwise, the money will go into Stratford.  Because of Westfield Shopping Centre it is quite likely there will be more money going into Stratford. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceFootball fans will be replaced by families, creating a completely different atmosphere in that part of the East End. The place where Bobby Moore, Frank Lampard and Dimitri Payet plied their trade for West Ham will instead become 842 new flats, which will be completed by 2022. An initial 25% of the scheme is affordable housing, with Newham Council investing £18m to increase that number by a further 10%, and the council insists construction jobs will be earmarked for local people. "We'll have 800-odd families living here which will help to regenerate the whole area," councillor Ken Clark said. "This is a very vibrant, diverse neighbourhood.  I think the future for the area is very positive. "Sir Robin added: "Housing is a major problem and the problem is the government are not investing in it. "We have got a brand new community centre being built and overall it is a big plus for the residents of Newham. "Pub landlord Bolwell is sceptical as to whether the housing development will help his businesses. "It will bring a bit of life into that area once it's all done but I don't think it'll make any difference to my pubs," he said. "You may get one or two in but we won't get anything near what we have been getting from the football. "There is not much more Sir Robin Wales can do really - unless he can stand outside and get customers to come in as they pass. "Despite West Ham auctioning off memorabilia from the Boleyn Ground, the new housing development will celebrate the history of the area. A new statue of West Ham and England legend Bobby Moore, the club's current Memorial Garden and a landscaped courtyard to replace the Boleyn's centre circle will all be included in the scheme. "Our regeneration and planning people have worked really hard to make sure we are going to get something here where people will be proud of their history and community," Sir Robin said. "You want to create a community.  That is going to be the challenge for us. "Interviews by BBC Radio London's Jamie Reid and Duncan Barkes and BBC London's Sara Orchard.
The 48-year-old former Arsenal goalkeeper played for the Royals for four years. He was appointed youth academy director in 2000 and has been director of football since 2003. A West Brom statement said: "He played a key role in the Championship club twice winning promotion to the Premier League in 2006 and 2012.
Favourite Air Force Blue, winner of the Dewhurst Stakes last year and four of his five races, never challenged and was a distant 12th of the 13 runners. Dettori crossed to the rail side to win by one and half lengths for his third victory in the prestigious mile race. Massat (9-1) was second with Ribchester (33-1) two lengths back in third. Air Force Blue was widely expected to give trainer Aidan O'Brien a record eighth 2000 Guineas success. But Ryan Moore could find no response from the bay colt and it was Dettori who surged clear, 20 years on from his first success in the race on Mark of Esteem. He also won again in 1999 on Island Sands. The veteran jockey, 45, said of his latest triumph: "We had a bad draw but he's a great horse. "His main forte is that he stays, he galloped out really strong. "Trainer Hugo Palmer said: "Frankie was so alert, he said nothing had been coming from behind and that if nothing took us on, he would do it himself and he did. "There were no hard luck stories, for us anyway.  It was a masterful ride. "BBC horse racing correspondent Cornelius Lysaght"Considering the going was on the soft side, the time was decent so that's another plus about a success achieved by a decisive length and a half. "The winner had to race on the more challenging outside of the field because he was drawn in stall one, and Frankie Dettori gave him extra credit for the performance because of that. "This was Hugo Palmer's first British Classic win; he's very much an emerging force - it won't be his last.
Valery Gergiev, a supporter of Russia's President Vladimir Putin, conducted the Mariinsky Symphony Orchestra, from St Petersburg, at Palmyra's Roman Theatre. Last July, IS posted footage online showing some of its fighters carrying out killings in the ancient theatre. Syrian forces, backed by Russian air strikes, retook the historic site. Palmyra in picturesMr Gergiev led the orchestra through pieces by Johann Sebastian Bach, Sergei Prokofiev and Rodion Shchedrin, in front of a crowd of Russian soldiers, government ministers and journalists. Pictures of the concert, broadcast on Russian state television, were occasionally interrupted by footage of military action - showing Russian military backing for Syrian government forces as they liberated Palmyra from IS militants. Mr Gergiev was until recently principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra and is music director of the Munich Philharmonic Orchestra. In 2014, he backed Mr Putin over the annexation of the Crimea from Ukraine.  In 2008, he performed in the capital of South Ossetia when Russia and Georgia were fighting over the territory. The maestro described the concert as a protest against the barbarism and violence exhibited by Islamic State militants who had used the city's Roman amphitheatre to execute prisoners. The Russian president also addressed the audience, by video link from his Black Sea residence in Sochi. He called terrorism a contagion of which the world needed to rid itself, and said the fact the concert was taking place at all was "surprising". "Today's action involved major inconvenience and dangers for everyone, being in a country at war close to where hostilities are still ongoing.  That has demanded great strength and personal courage from you all," he said. However, UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said the concert was "a tasteless attempt to distract attention from the continued suffering of millions of Syrians.  It shows that there are no depths to which the regime will not sink". This is about more than just music. By organising a concert in the ruins of Palmyra, Russia wants the world to see that it is making a positive contribution in Syria: bringing peace and stability to the country, and, in the case of Palmyra, saving a Unesco heritage site. Moscow will be hoping that images of its classical musicians in Syria will reinforce the message that Russia is a force for good. Such a musical message will be well received back home.  For months now, Russian TV has been assuring viewers Russia's military intervention in Syria has benefited the world by taking on international terrorism. But Western officials remain suspicious of Russia's intentions.  Moscow has faced accusations that it has not done enough to rein in Syrian government forces.  The Russians deny that and accuse America of not using its influence with the Syrian opposition to halt the fighting. One of the soloists at the concert was cellist Sergei Roldugin, a friend of Putin's, who was recently named as the owner of offshore companies in the so-called Panama Papers.  He denies all wrongdoing. Islamic State destroyed a number of monuments during its 10-month occupation of Palmyra and its associated Unesco World Heritage site. Two 2,000-year-old temples, an arch and funerary towers were left in ruins. The jihadist group, which has also demolished several pre-Islamic sites in neighbouring Iraq, believes that such structures are idolatrous. While some treasured monuments were destroyed, much of the historic site was left undamaged. It is not the first time Mr Gergiev has performed in a war-torn city. In August 2008, the native Ossetian conductor took the Mariinsky Theatre Symphony Orchestra to the ruins of Tskhinvali in the separatist Georgian region of South Ossetia, heavily damaged in the short Russian-Georgian war that year. Mr Gergiev also conducted a charity concert in Tokyo for victims of the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2012, and he led a charity concert tour to raise funds for victims of Russia's Beslan school massacre in 2004.
The 33-year-old, who is the younger brother of Harlequins number eight Nick, joined Sale in 2011 after six years at Northampton. Easter won the European Challenge Cup and reached the Champions Cup final at Saints after joining from Nottingham. "I've enjoyed my time at Sale, I didn't really want to go anywhere else," said the back-row forward. "It was the right time to leave on my own terms, which not many people do. "I've had the chance for these last few games just to enjoy and savour them and I've been really lucky. "He will now take up his teaching position at Wrekin College in Shropshire after the final game of the season at Newcastle on Saturday. "The last few years, I've been tailoring my career towards teaching, so taking a few courses, getting into schools, teaching and coaching," he added. "The opportunity just came up at the right time.  It felt like the right time for me and my family.
The 54-year-old has left his job as assistant first-team coach at Barnet to join the National League club on a rolling contract. Waddock led the Shots into the Football League in 2008 with a then record points total of 101 and left in 2009. The ex-Republic of Ireland international replaces Barry Smith, who left the Shots at the end of this season after not renewing his contract. Waddock previously spent two years in charge at the Recreation Ground, before taking over at Wycombe in 2009.  He later had spells at Oxford United and Portsmouth. His first managerial job was at QPR, where he previously made his name as a player. "It's a situation I never thought I'd be in, but I'm delighted to be here," Waddock told Aldershot's website. "I've missed the people here and I've missed the supporters.  The atmosphere they created at home games was amazing and I loved that. "We have to be able to give them something to cheer about and we're going to try our best to get this place rocking again.
Richard Parks had been attempting to become the first person to take blood and muscle samples at the summit to investigate the effects of altitude. But Parks, 38, who was climbing without using supplemental oxygen, has returned to Wales after becoming at "high risk of life-threatening complications". He has previously climbed Everest and trekked solo to the South Pole. The former Wales rugby international, originally from Pontypridd, had reached Camp Two, which is 6,400m (21,000ft) above sea level - the summit is 8,848m (29,029ft). But he ended the expedition after results over the weekend showed he had abnormal blood readings, putting him at greater risk of a stroke or heart attack. The climb had been 18 months in the planning and was part of the collaborative British research expedition called Project Everest Cynllun. It was hoped data from the project would allow researchers to explore the mechanisms underpinning dementia and resilience. On ending the world-first bid, Parks said it had "been a bitter pill to swallow". "I am confident of my process to make the decision.  It's the right one.  I'm at peace, but it's been a brutal few days," he said. "I am not prepared to risk my life over and above the risks I have considered, trained and prepared for, or risk the lives of those around me. "Parks was a back-row forward who played for Pontypridd, Leeds, Perpignan and Newport Gwent Dragons and won four caps for Wales.
Spurs, who are having a new £400m stadium built next to their existing home White Hart Lane, could also play next season's home Champions League games at the national stadium. They aim to move into their new 61,000-seat home before the 2018-19 season. "We're a long way down the path on reaching an agreement," Dyke said. "I think there's some discussion about whether they'll play their Champions League games there at Wembley next year but I don't know much about that. "Tottenham's north-London rivals Arsenal hosted Champions League games at Wembley in 1998-99 and 1999-2000. Dyke also said Chelsea could play home games at Wembley in the near future. The Blues have plans to redevelop Stamford Bridge, which could leave them needing a temporary home for several seasons. "I think Chelsea might come for a longer period," he told Sky Sports News HQ. "Chelsea have got really exciting plans for their stadium.  They're going to demolish the whole thing and build a whole new stadium on the existing site. "If they came to Wembley, that would mean them coming for three years.
The politician, who had secured his 2011 seat through the list vote, beat SNP candidate rival Roderick Campbell by 3,465 votes. Mr Rennie received 14,928 votes, an increase of 15% from 2011. He said: "It feels fantastic to have won North East Fife back for the Liberal Democrats.  A big majority of 3,000 against a Nationalist tide. "Mr Rennie added: "It's a tremendous result for the Liberal Democrats in North East Fife. "In his victory speech, he said it had been a "positive, uplifting campaign" and added: "I've had the time of my life in this campaign. "He appeared at the count with two toy pigs in his hand, a reference to a photo opportunity at farm while out on the campaign trail. Alex Cole-Hamilton, of the Liberal Democrats, also won Edinburgh Western from the SNP, with 16,645 votes - a 42% share. The party also comfortably held both Orkney and Shetland.
The poll was held as former Labour MP Huw Irranca-Davies stood down to run for - and win - the Welsh Assembly election in the same area, part of Bridgend county borough. In the 2015 General Election, Labour won the seat with 52% of the vote and the Conservatives came second with 15%. UKIP came second this time around.
The Music Group said a consultation on redundancies at its Tannoy loudspeaker production facility in Coatbridge began on Tuesday. The consultation will last for at least 30 days, according to the company. Production of audio equipment at the plant is understood to be moving to China. Tannoy is one of the oldest audio brands in the world, having been founded as the Tulsemere Manufacturing Company in 1926. It has had a base in Coatbridge since the 1970s. The company remains active in a range of audio sectors including residential hi-fi and studio monitoring. Peter Sommer, senior vice president of lifestyle at The Music Group, said: "I can confirm that Music does propose to dismiss as redundant around 70 staff at its manufacturing and office facility in Coatbridge. "However, I would emphasize that no final decision has been taken in relation to these proposals, which are the subject of a detailed collective consultation process which began on Tuesday 3 May 2016 and which will last for at least 30 days and possibly more. "In the event that the proposed dismissals are ultimately confirmed following the conclusion of the consultation process, the Coatbridge facility would cease operations and the plant would close. "Given that the proposals are at a formative stage, there is of course no definitive time scale in place, but it is envisaged that any closure would likely be towards the end of the year. "He added: "Music is of course mindful of its obligation to seek out any suitable alternative employment for any employees whom it is confirmed are to be made redundant, and to that end the company will be doing all that it can to try to identify any suitable alternative roles which may exist in any of its operations in Europe and beyond. "Mick Conroy, GMB Scotland senior officer, said: "In the year of Tannoy's 90th anniversary, it's an absolute tragedy that the long-serving Coatbridge workforce has been rewarded with the sack. "These latest redundancies also show the total free-fall in Scotland's manufacturing sector as our slide towards a low-skill, low-wage and precarious economy gathers apace without any intervention. "A key priority of the next Scottish government must be to address our manufacturing crisis by bringing forward a meaningful industrial strategy that can help steer our economy back towards growth.
The news has prompted headlines around the world, and Politicians and city leaders have taken to Twitter to congratulate him, including the left-leaning mayors of New York and Paris. Congratulations also came from Ahok Basuki Purnama, the governor of Jakarta.  He became Jakarta's first Christian governor in 50 years when he was elected in 2014. Jemima Goldsmith, the sister of Conservative party rival Zac Goldsmith, congratulated Mr Khan on his victory.  The ex-wife of Pakistani cricketer and politician Imran Khan also appeared to criticise her brother's campaign. The New York Times describes Mr Khan's victory as "striking" and leads with the fact that he is London's first Muslim mayor.  It described London as a city with an acute shortage of affordable homes and a creaking, overcrowded mass transit network. A commentary in German news magazine Der Spiegel describes Mr Khan's win as a "victory over Islamophobia", and says London is breaking new ground.  "The mayoral election shows that London is more liberal, clever and tolerant than the Conservative mudslingers would like to think," it says. Qatari daily Al-Sharq says: "Once again, the British capital enters history, this time through the gate of democratic victory by electing a Muslim of immigrant descent as its mayor. "Pakistan's Dawn newspaper says that Khan should see himself as a role model for millions of Muslims living in Europe. With the rise of increasingly popular right-wing parties across the continent, the paper's Brussels correspondent Shada Islam writes that "Khan's story should help set the record straight on immigration, integration and European Muslims". History Professor Juan Cole points out that Mr Khan is by no means the first Muslim in charge of a European city.  In a popular blog post he traces the history of Muslim rule in Spain, Greece, the Balkans, and Sicily.  "Not to mention that Constantinople/Istanbul is one of the larger European cities. . .  the mayor there is a Muslim," he says. Baroness Sayeeda Warsi, former co-chair of the UK Conservative Party, and Business Secretary Sajid Javid congratulated Mr Khan and pointed out their similar backgrounds. "Bus drivers are clearly the new Etonians" quipped writer and conservative activist Tim Montgomerie, referring to the elite public school attended by Prime Minister David Cameron and Mr Goldsmith. In France's Le Figaro, London-based French essayist Laetitia Strauch-Bonnart says "two images of the United Kingdom" faced each other in this election: The "exemplary success story" of Mr Khan's life and "the billionaire's son", Mr Goldsmith. "In order to appeal nowadays, it is better to have a disadvantaged background, a personal history made of difficulties and social mobility," she told the paper.  "It's the spirit of the time, and Goldsmith was not on the right side. "Finally, before the result was in, former Swedish prime minister Carl Bildt tweeted a warning about how Mr Khan could possibly be treated if Republican hopeful Donald Trump was to become US President.
Jockey Sean Levey came with a late rally to score on the Richard Hannon-trained colt by half a length. Earlier, 7-4 favourite Seventh Heaven, ridden by Ryan Moore, outbattled Architecture to win the Oaks Trial. The Galileo filly, trained by Aidan O'Brien proved a neck too good for her rival and was cut to about 20-1 for the Epsom Classic from 33s. Meanwhile, Flash Fire landed the Victoria Cup at Ascot under Adam Kirby for Godolphin trainer Charlie Appleby.
The 33-year-old, leading after Friday's dressage, delivered a fault-free cross-country round on his mount La Biosthetique. Jung won the Burghley and Kentucky titles and is hoping to seal the Rolex Grand Slam to earn the bonus. Great Britain's challenge faltered, with Emily King eliminated. She was second overnight but fell riding Brookleigh before Sunday's showjumping finale. The 20-year-old shone in the dressage to raise hopes of becoming the youngest Badminton winner since 1973. Instead it is Jung who will be centre stage as he attempts to become just the second winner of the Grand Slam, emulating Pippa Funnell in 2003. "It's a long night, a big day, everything can happen," said Jung, an individual and team gold medallist at London 2012. "For me, this is the best horse in the world.  It is a wonderful feeling to ride such a good horse. "Jung remains on 34. 4 penalty points, nine better off than compatriot Andreas Ostholt aboard So Is Et and 10. 2 points ahead of Britain's Gemma Tattersall, who rides Arctic Soul, in third. The cross-country challengeJung navigated all 33 obstacles over the 6,500m course with precision and finished well inside the optimal time - 11 minutes 58 seconds - at which competitors begin to incur time penalties. It means he can afford to see two poles fall in Sunday's showjumping finale, assuming his closest rivals deliver blemish-free rounds. "That horse is really amazing," added Jung.  "He always listens to me and trusts in me. "In all, 27 of 75 horses failed to complete the course, set against the picturesque backdrop of Badminton House. Organisers believe last year's cross-country attendance of 95,000 was comfortably bettered, with more than 100,000 people lining the track. King's fall at the penultimate obstacle drew howls of concern from those watching and she was visibly upset. The daughter of six-time Olympian Mary King is one of a number of Britons looking to position themselves for a place at the Rio Olympics. Tattersall's third place overnight gives her a fine chance of improving on her best finish at Badminton - 16th last year. Team GB hopefuls must hit qualifying standards on the horse they wish to take to the Games by 19 June, with a selection announcement expected in July. Former world champion Zara Tindall and her mount High Kingdom have work to do, as they sit 24th in the field, but Oliver Townend and Izzy Taylor are eighth and ninth on Armada and Allercombe Ellie respectively.
The 35-year-old centre-half will be banned for two games because it was his second dismissal of the season. That rules him out of Chelsea's final two Premier League fixtures, against Liverpool and champions Leicester. "It's sad, it would have been lovely to have had him in our last game at home," said Chelsea manager Gus Hiddink. Terry is out of contract at the end of the season and has not been offered a new deal at Stamford Bridge. "It's sad, of course, that he was sent off for a second yellow, and it's the second sending-off, which by the rules means he will be suspended (for both games)," Hiddink added. "I think he (referee Mike Jones) was too close and an impulsive reaction made him draw the yellow card. "He was too close, for me, and took too harsh a decision. "The former England captain joined Chelsea at the age of 14, made his senior debut at 17 and has won a host of honours with the club, including the Champions League, four Premier League titles and five FA Cups. But, after 483 Premier League appearances in the past 18 years, he could now have played his last game for Chelsea. We've got a new BBC Sport newsletter coming soon - to receive it from the start, sign up here.
The international anti-corruption summit - the first of its kind - is aimed at exposing, punishing and drive out global corruption. Political leaders, businesses, sporting organisations, and charities will meet at Lancaster House on Thursday. Mr Cameron says corruption is "the root of so many of the world's problems". He also described it as "an enemy of progress". "It destroys jobs and holds back economic growth, traps the poorest in desperate poverty, and undermines our security by pushing people towards extremist groups," he added. "The battle against corruption will not be won overnight.  It will take time, courage and determination to deliver the reforms that are necessary.  But we cannot hope to solve the major global challenges we face without tackling the exploitation, fraud and dishonesty at their heart. "For too long there has been a taboo about tackling this issue head-on.  The summit will change that.  Together we will push the fight against corruption to the top of the international agenda where it belongs. "Among the world leaders attending the summit are presidents Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia and Muhammadu Buhari of Nigeria, and Norwegian prime minister Erna Solberg. Russia is to be represented by deputy foreign minister Oleg Syromolotov. Panellists are expected to include World Bank president Jim Yong Kim and International Monetary Fund's managing director Christine Lagarde. Under the prime minister's plans, leaders at the summit would pledge to expose corruption and pursue and punish those who perpetrate, facilitate or are complicit in it. Campaigners have also called for a crackdown on tax havens linked to the United Kingdom.  The recent Panama Papers leak showed how some wealthy people use offshore firms to evade tax and avoid sanctions. A Downing Street spokesman said: "We are in discussions with the Overseas Territories and Crown dependencies with major financial centres about their attendance, and expect a number to join the summit. "Robert Barrington, of anti-corruption campaigners Transparency International, said: "The prime minister is creating a platform for governments that are serious about fighting corruption to make really significant changes and set the agenda for a generation to come. "What is key now is that other governments are persuaded to sign up to ambitious targets and that the UK government does not give in to the usual last minute attempts by less committed countries to water down the summit's ambitions".
Cassells won the title with fellow Coleraine man Peter Chambers last year. Chambers, meanwhile, helped the British four take silver behind defending world and European champions Switzerland. Enniskillen's Holly Nixon and her GB team-mates were fifth in the quadruple sculls final with Alan Campbell third in the B single scull final. London 2012 Olympic bronze medallist Campbell said afterwards that he had been suffering badly from hay fever over the weekend in Germany. Cassells and Scrimgeour dominated the lightweight pair final and had over three seconds to spare from Denmark at the finish. The lightweight pair is a non-Olympic boat class but Cassells and Scrimgeour will have reminded the Great Britain coaches of their selection claims for the lightweight four. Chambers, Mark Aldred, Jonno Clegg and Chris Bartley led the fours final at the halfway stage before the Swiss took control to win by a length. Enniskillen's Holly Nixon and her Great Britain crew mates Rosamund Bradbury, Jess Leyden and Kristina Stiller were going along well in fourth place before catching a crab just before the halfway mark which stalled the boat momentarily. They eventually finished fifth behind winners Germany and will now finalise their preparations for the Olympic qualifying regatta in Lucerne in a fortnight's time. There was success for Ireland in the men's lightweight double sculls when brothers Gary and Paul O'Donovan from County Cork rowed through leaders Norway in the closing 500m to clinch gold. Reigning world champions France and silver medallists Great Britain - Coleraine's Richard Chambers and Will Fletcher - were missing from the field but that doesn't detract from a memorable moment for Irish rowing. There was a second medal for Ireland in the women's single sculls when London Olympian Sanita Puspure took bronze behind scullers from Austria and Latvia.
The row of huts on Mablethorpe promenade will be "rejuvenated and enhanced" with the money. Fourteen other coastal landmarks in England will benefit from a share of £700,000 from the Coastal Revival Fund. Communities Minister Mark Francois said: "We've got heritage hooks to be proud of, but some of these places need some tender loving care. "He said: "This country has sightseeing gems that are a match for anywhere in the world and I'd urge people to take a trip down to the seaside to discover them. "The beach huts have been at Mablethorpe and Sutton-on-Sea for more than 70 years. Grants of up to £50,000 will be awarded to landmarks from Durham in the North East to Dorset in the South West. A disused lido in Morecambe, Lancashire, will become a venue for festivals, arts and leisure, while Herne Bay Pier in Kent will be given a "sturdy stage" with lighting, changing room and screen. Ilfracombe Museum in Devon will receive £50,000 to "protect and preserve its unique collection of Victorian curiosities right on the seafront". A full list of the projects can be seen here. In March, £800,000 was also announced for seaside communities in the South West from the Coastal Communities Fund. Mr Francois said he hoped the work would encourage "a wave of enthusiasm" for seaside trips, and help boost the £4bn already generated each year by tourism to coastal communities.
Cameroon's Ekeng died aged 26 of a suspected heart attack after collapsing on the pitch during a match on Friday. Thirteen-time winners Dinamo face CFR Cluj in the postponed final on 17 May. "If we win the final, the trophy will be sent to Cameroon, where it will be placed on Patrick's grave," said sporting director Ionel Danciulescu. Danciulescu told Romanian TV channel Digi Sport that Dinamo would ask Cluj to do the same if they win. The final, scheduled to be played on Tuesday 10 May, was postponed following Ekeng's death. Ekeng fell to the ground in the 70th minute of the televised Romanian league match against Viitorul and was pronounced dead in hospital two hours later. Two days later Cameroon women's goalkeeper Jeanine Christelle Djomnang, 26, died after collapsing during a warm-up session.
11 May 2016 Last updated at 08:17 BSTMatthew Oliver paid more than one thousand pounds for the seed which came from the current world record holder grown in Switzerland. The winning pumpkin weighs 165 stone, so Matthew's would need to weigh-in at more than a tonne to beat that.
The Loyalist Community Council (LCC) has created the flag to commemorate the centenary of the World War One battle. It says the flag is supported by three paramilitary groups, the Ulster Defence Association (UDA), the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) and the Red Hand Commando. "We hope this is the only flag that is flown along arterial routes alongside the Union flag and the Ulster flag," Winston Irvine of the LCC said. "I think this flag will hopefully reduce the amount of perceived paramilitary flags. "Mr Irvine said he did not expect nationalists "to be screaming in support of the flag from the rooftops". But he added: "I do hope people see this is an attempt to lessen the impact of flags and to command a wider support for the respectful and dignified commemoration to mark the anniversary of the Somme. "The Somme means something to everyone, regardless of your community background, both in Northern Ireland and in the Republic of Ireland, given the scale and severity of that battle on the people of this island. "Members of the 36th Ulster Division were among 100,000 Allied soldiers who fought at the Somme in 1916. A private benefactor has paid for the purchase of the flags. The group has also drawn up a set of protocols for the flying of flags. Mr Irvine said people were "fed up with torn and tattered flags flying from lamp posts and buildings". The protocols give guidance on the period of time flags should be flown, suggesting a three-month spell starting in June. Assistant Chief Constable Stephen Martin of the Police Service of Northern Ireland said the flying of flags in public places "provokes a range of strong responses and very different viewpoints". He added: "We hope [the LCC's new flag and its protocols] can be a positive development in improving the overall context in which flags are flown.
They will consider plans by Third Energy to frack a well at a site near the village of Kirby Misperton in the district of Ryedale. Campaigners say approval would set a "dangerous precedent". But the company says its operations are no risk to people or the environment. Fracking involves injecting water, sand and chemicals at high pressure into rocks deep underground to unlock trapped gas. The process was banned in 2011 after the shale gas firm Cuadrilla caused minor earth tremors when it fracked a well in Lancashire. Third Energy has licences to produce gas in North Yorkshire and offshore in the North Sea. In 2013 it drilled an exploratory well near the village of Kirby Misperton, close to the North York Moors National Park. It now wants to frack the well to test whether it can unlock shale gas from rocks up to 10,000ft (3,000m) underground. "All we want to do is test whether gas will flow from an existing well using hydraulic fracturing," says Rasik Valand, chief executive of Third Energy. "What we are planning is safe.  There is no risk to the environment or the public. "But there has been strong opposition to the plan from the local community and environmentalists. Hundreds of anti-fracking protesters are expected to gather outside the council meeting in Northallerton on Friday. The council has received more than 4,000 representations, the vast majority against the proposal. Green campaigners fear that approval here would open the door for fracking elsewhere. "It risks setting a dangerous precedent for Britain," says Craig Bennett, chief executive of Friends of the Earth. "We strongly urge councillors to reject this planning application which is clearly deeply unpopular with the local community. "Others are concerned about the impact on the local economy as Kirby Misperton is also home to Flamingo Land, one of Yorkshire's top tourists attractions. "This place is beautiful," says retired bishop, the Right Reverend Graham Cray, who lives in the village.  "The economy is based on tourism and agriculture.  Tourists don't come to a gas field and that is what we will turn into if we get the scale of fracking that is intended. "Last year Lancashire County Council rejected Cuadrilla's plan to carry out exploratory drilling and fracking at two new sites on the Fylde. A planning inquiry into that application took place earlier this year.  A recommendation will be sent in the summer to the communities secretary for a final decision. The Third Energy application involves an existing site that has produced gas since the 1990s. The well has already been drilled. The shale gas produced will also be sent through a network of pipes to a nearby power station.  That will avoid air pollution caused by flaring gas. So the company expects the fracking activity to be completed within eight weeks. The council's planning officer has recommended that the application be approved.  But it is now down to the 11 councillors on the planning committee to take the final decision. That decision may not come until Monday due to the number of people who have registered to speak at the meeting. If approved, fracking could start by the end of the year. The Department of Energy and Climate Change refused to comment on Third Energy's application ahead of the council meeting. But in a statement it said: "Shale gas is a fantastic opportunity which will create jobs, boost our economy and strengthen our energy security. "There is tough regulation in place to ensure that fracking can take place safely - now is the time to start exploration and find out just how much shale gas is there and how much we can get out of the ground.
"Trust in the values of our people and in our ability to rebuild the economy," Mr Temer said. He has named a business-friendly cabinet that includes respected former central bank chief Henrique Meirelles as finance minster. Ms Rousseff denounced her removal as a "farce" and "sabotage". Mr Temer was the leftist Ms Rousseff's vice-president before withdrawing his party's support in March.  She has accused him of involvement in a "coup". After Wednesday's all-night session that lasted more than 20 hours, senators voted by 55 votes to 22 to suspend her and put her on trial for budgetary violations. In her final speech on Thursday afternoon, she again denied the allegations and vowed to fight what she called an "injustice" by all legal means. Mr Temer, 75, has now taken over as president for up to 180 days - the maximum time allowed for the impeachment trial of Ms Rousseff, 68. He said: "It is urgent to restore peace and unite Brazil.  We must form a government that will save the nation. "Stressing that "economic vitality" was his key task, he added: "It is essential to rebuild the credibility of the country at home and abroad to attract new investments and get the economy growing again. "But he also said Brazil was still a poor nation and that he would protect and expand social programmes. "Let's stop talking about crisis.  Let's work instead," he said. Michel Temer became interim president as soon as Ms Rousseff was suspended. Read more on Michel Temer hereMichel Temer also said he would support the sweeping investigation into corruption at state oil company Petrobras that has embroiled many politicians and officials. Mr Temer has nominated a 22-strong cabinet. There are no women, although two more names are expected to be added to the cabinet.  Ms Rousseff had earlier suggested that sexism in the male-dominated Congress had played a key part in the impeachment process. Mr Meirelles, the new finance minister, built a reputation for calming nerves in the markets when heading the central bank, and helped tame inflation to create one of the country's biggest economic booms. But analysts say Mr Temer's popularity ratings are as bad as Ms Rousseff's and he faces many challenges. During the overnight debate, Senator Jose Serra, who has been named the new foreign minister, said the impeachment process was "a bitter though necessary medicine". "Having the Rousseff government continue would be a bigger tragedy," he said. Brazil is suffering from its worst recession in 10 years, unemployment reached 9% in 2015 and inflation is at a 12-year high. In her TV speech, flanked by ministers at the presidential palace, Ms Rousseff said that she may have made mistakes but had committed no crimes, adding: "I did not violate budgetary laws. "She said: "What is at stake is respect for the ballot box, the sovereign will of the Brazilian people and the constitution. "Branding the process "fraudulent" and saying her government was "undergoing sabotage", she vowed to fight the charges against her and said she was confident she would be found innocent. Her removal ends 13 years of leftist rule. The 180 days allocated for the trial to take place expire on 8 November.
The claim: Membership of the European Union guarantees rights on equal pay, sexual harassment and maternity leave, and rights for part-time workers.  Those rights would be in jeopardy if Britain voted to leave. Reality Check Verdict: The EU has been influential in the development of equality legislation but leaving would not necessarily mean those rights would be lost. The Treaty of Rome included the commitment for member states to ensure "that men and women should receive equal pay for equal work".  And the rules were strengthened following the 1975 Equal Pay Directive, and subsequent rulings by the European Court of Justice (ECJ), which have set out further what counts as equal work. Similarly, the right of part-time workers to join occupational pension schemes was determined by rulings of the ECJ, which found that excluding them constituted indirect sex discrimination. If Britain leaves the EU those rules could, in principle, be revoked. However, in some cases the UK government has gone further than the rules set by the EU. For example, the 52 weeks of statutory maternity leave in the UK is considerably longer than the 14 weeks guaranteed by EU law. Leave campaigners say there's no reason to suppose that a future British government would undermine women's rights. But Ms Harman believes that many of the people leading the campaign for Brexit - including Boris Johnson, Nigel Farage and Iain Duncan Smith - cannot be trusted to protect women's rights. She admits that this part of her argument is speculative, but she warns that women's rights could be eroded under the guise of pushing for deregulation and cutting red tape.
Education select committee chairman Neil Carmichael said parents would be "wondering what to do" after Friday's ruling, and would need clarity. The High Court concluded Jon Platt had no case to answer because his daughter had attended school regularly overall. The government has said it will now consider making alterations to the law. Term-time holidays: Your storiesWhat are the rules on holidays?What might change now?The Isle of Wight Council had asked the High Court to clarify whether a seven-day absence amounted to a child failing to attend regularly after Mr Platt, 44, took his daughter on holiday, despite her school refusing permission for the trip. The court backed magistrates who had ruled Mr Platt, had no case to answer. Speaking to BBC Radio Four's Today programme, Mr Carmichael said: "I certainly think we need a period of reflection on this matter because this ruling causes a huge amount of confusion. "Instead of confusion we need clarity - clarity for parents and clarity for the schools, because people will be wondering what to do next given the scale of the change. "Since 2013, tougher government regulations have meant head teachers can grant leave of absence to pupils during term time only in "exceptional circumstances". Shadow schools minister Nic Dakin told Today the previous rules, which allowed head teachers to grant leave for up to 10 days under "special circumstances", had been "working effectively". But Mr Carmichael said the problem with that policy was in defining what counted as "special circumstances". "You'd have to be very careful about defining what you think is a special circumstance," he said. "The government will have to think very carefully about this because what we don't want is the special circumstance happens to be 'There's a cheap holiday and we'd like to go'. "Rather than reverting to the previous system, which he argued could lead to classroom disruption because of families taking children on cheaper holidays, Mr Carmichael suggested that term times could be "more flexible". He said this was a suggestion he would be making to the education select committee when it considers the issue. Mr Dakin said the ruling was the "worst of both worlds" because it left uncertainty for both teachers and parents. He criticised the decision to change the rules around term-time holidays and called on the government to look at the issue again. "I think it was a foolish move and I think it's led to where we are today," he added. Sal Davies was fined in 2008 for taking her children, aged six and seven, out of school for 10 days to see their grandparents in Asia. She told BBC Radio 5 live: "I really don't think those 10 days out of school damaged my children, changed their educational potential. "I think they've done really well.  They met family members.  It was where I was born.  It was a wonderful trip. "But Patsy Kane, an executive head teacher of Whalley Range and Levenshulme high schools in Manchester, said parents needed to take the "really long term view" on their children's education. "There are 13 weeks' holiday throughout the school year when parents can take trips. "There's six weeks in most areas for the summer holiday.  That really is plenty of time for extended family trips. "Mr Platt was issued with a Â£60 fixed penalty fine following the holiday to Disney World in April 2015. After he missed the payment deadline, the council doubled the fine to Â£120 which he also refused to pay. The council then prosecuted him for failing to ensure that his daughter attended school regularly, contrary to a section of the Education Act 1996. Mr Platt successfully argued there was no case to answer as the prosecution had failed to show that the child did not attend regularly. Even with this and other absences, Mr Platt maintains her attendance remained above 90% - the threshold for persistent truancy defined by the Department for Education. According to local authority data, almost 64,000 fines were imposed for unauthorised absences between September 2013 and August 2014. Many parents complain that the cost of going away in the school holidays can be four times as much as during term time. But the government says there is clear evidence "that every extra day of school missed can affect a pupil's chance of gaining good GCSEs, which has a lasting effect on their life chances". The Independent's travel editor Simon Calder told BBC Radio 4's PM programme on Friday the ruling would "certainly" lead to prices coming down in school holidays, but would also cause them to "gradually" go up in term time. He said the travel industry was "quietly absolutely delighted" by this because they wanted prices to be more level throughout the year.
The Paralympic discus champion, 24, beat his mark of 15. 93m set last year. Davies threw 16. 14m when competing with able-bodied rivals at the British Indoor Championships in February, but that was not ratified by the IPC."I'm excited to build on that performance and see what I can produce this year," said Welshman Davies. His new mark remains an unofficial world record until verified by the IPC."The event went well, I came to Arizona for warm-weather training and the competition fitted nicely at the end," said Davies. "It was my first outdoor meet of the year so it was nice to PB even though I was shaking out the cobwebs. "I don't compete much as I'm injury-prone - the plan is to get to Rio in one piece. "Davies is set to be named next month among the first phase of Great Britain track and field athletes for the Rio Paralympics. He is aiming to compete in the shot put after his discus event was removed from the competition. The Bridgend man, who has limited functionality of his right leg with missing bones and no muscle or ligament growth, took gold in the discus at London 2012 and bronze in the shot and is the current European and world champion in both events.
Wallace's name might not have the same cachet as Keegan, Dalglish or Rush but his place in Liverpool history is unassailable - he scored the club's first European goal. His landmark moment came in Iceland when he opened the scoring in a 5-0 win over K.R. Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur in 1964. "The great Roger Hunt went to the by-line, squared it back to me and from all of those six yards out I powered it in," said Wallace who was only playing because Ian St John was ill. It's more than 55 years since he left Llanelli for Liverpool, but Wallace has not lost a trace of his Welsh accent. So how did the son of a Scotland international claim his place in footballing history? And why does he have a south Wales lilt when he speaks?It's a story that takes in one of Wales' most famous rugby academies and Huddersfield Town.  Wallace, now 71, recalls it all with fondness. Wallace was five years old when his father, former Scotland centre forward Dougie Wallace, was appointed player-manager at Llanelli AFC.As a teenager he went to Gwendraeth School, where Barry John - nicknamed The King - and before him Carwyn James took their first steps to rugby stardom. "The school was rugby orientated.  Barry was two years younger than me and even then I used to love to watch him play," Wallace told BBC Wales. "But my childhood dream was to become a footballer.  I wanted to be just like my dad. "Wallace played in the Llanelli junior league between the ages of 11 to 14, before playing for Glan Morfa where his talent was discovered. "It was late October 1959.  I remember it well," he says of the day Bill Shankly's scout spotted him. "There's somebody I want you to have a look at" was the message sent back to Shankly, then manager of Huddersfield Town. Wallace had trials with the Terriers and when Shankly went to Liverpool, he took Wallace with him. "At the end of my third trial at Huddersfield, Bill Shankly signed on the Monday to become manager of Liverpool Football Club," Wallace continued. After Liverpool won the Division One title in 1963-64, they were offered automatic qualification for the European Cup for the first time. "Liverpool in the 60s was vibrant - The Beatles, 50,000 in the stadium, 28,000 in the Kop swaying to their songs.  I remember it like yesterday," Wallace said. "I wasn't always on the pitch but I was always part of the party.  We had a fabulous squad.  Ronnie Yates, Ian Callaghan, Roger Hunt, Ian St John.  An odd person might get injured so you might get a game now and then. "And it was sickness that gave Wallace his break when fellow Scot St John had suffered appendicitis a few weeks before Liverpool's first European tie in Iceland. Wallace recalls the journey was as memorable as the game, "Back then you couldn't get a direct flight to Iceland.  We flew to Glasgow with a six-hour wait,"[Shankly] didn't want us lounging around so off we went on a bus to a holiday camp.  I'll always remember the fella stopping us at the gate. "The boss went over and said, 'I'm Bill Shankly, I'm going to Reykjavik in Iceland and this is Liverpool Football Club'.  The guy replied, 'Well you're on the wrong road, Mr Shankly, You should have taken a right back that way'. "Wallace and the team got through the gate, onto the flight for Iceland, and a little piece of history followed. "The goal came after three minutes," recalls Wallace, "It hadn't dawned on me it was the first-ever goal in Europe until about six months later when someone mentioned it would be a good quiz question. "He also played a leading part in another landmark game, scoring twice in a 3-2 win over Arsenal - a game televised by the BBC on the first Match of the Day. He spent another two seasons at the club before moving on to Crewe Alexandra in 1967 for £9,000. "I would have loved to have played a lot more games than what I did, but I was so proud to be part of that squad.  Shankly started what Liverpool Football Club is today," he said. Wallace draws comparisons between Shankly and current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp, who has steered the club to Europa League final in his first season at Anfield. "They're very, very similar," Wallace said, "Klopp's so enthusiastic, he's got a great character about him.  He's got the players motivated. "The Dortmund game [where Liverpool fought back to win 5-4 on aggregate in the Europa League quarter-final] - that was second only to the Inter Milan [European Cup] semi-final [first leg] in 1965 [which Liverpool won 3-1]. "To see Klopp on the line, chanting and running, when the players see that, they play for him like we played for Shankly.
Russia's CG effects and the brilliance of Australia's singing were not enough to defeat jazz artist Jamala. Russia's Sergey Lazarev had been the bookies' top tip for days, possibly because his song was so similar to 2015's Swedish winner - with innovative staging and a slick song to match. But Ukraine stole past Russia and Australia under the radar, with the new voting system providing a huge surprise at the 11th hour when Jamala was crowned as winner. She is the first Crimean Tatar to perform at the contest, and her song, 1944, could not have been further from Eurovision's usual fare. It deals with Stalin, Crimea and claims of ethnic cleansing.  Jamala dedicated it to her great-grandmother and her five children, who were deported by Soviet troops from Crimea in 1944. Simon Bennett, head of the International OGAE Eurovision fan club, told the BBC that former Soviet countries that would "normally vote for Russia" had sent it a message by voting for Ukraine instead. Political songs are not allowed at Eurovision, but 1944 was permitted because it was based on historic fact, rather than current politics. BBC Music reporter Mark Savage wrote in February that Ukraine's 2004 Eurovision winner, Ruslana, had said the song 1944 had struck a chord over current circumstances in the region. "This song. . .  is precisely what we are all suffering in Ukraine today," she said, referencing Russia's seizure of Crimea in 2014. Jamala simply said after her win: "I want peace and love for everyone," adding at the press conference: "I was sure that if you talk about truth it really can touch people. "But John Kennedy O'Connor, broadcaster, author and Eurovision expert, was not happy with Saturday's result. "I'm disappointed that a dirge about genocide and delivering a pointed slap in Russia's face has won this year," he told the BBC."This contest should never be a political platform and I'm almost angry that it's been turned into one, despite the very clear rule book on the matter. "He said that while third place was an "excellent result", the Russians must be "sick as parrots" at the moment. Alasdair Rendall, president of the Eurovision fan club OGAE UK, said immediate reaction to Jamala's victory was "mixed". "Many people admired her strong voice and the impressive visuals on show," he told the BBC."However many are already saying it won due to the strong political message it carried rather than its musical quality. "As for Australia, Bennett said it was "neutral and easy to give your votes to" while O'Connor said it was "time for them to go away and start AsiaVision now", referring to a song contest for Asia Pacific countries. And at the other end of the leaderboard, hopes for the UK's Joe and Jake were dashed when they came third from bottom. Rendall felt the result was "totally undeserved" and Bennett was "distraught for them". But O'Connor added: "The fact that their single is not in the UK top 100 after a month [plus] since its release says it all really. "Joe and Jake told the BBC they had given "it their all" and sent "huge congratulations" to Jamala. The new voting system also got a mixed reception, with Bennett saying it was "a disaster that destroyed the atmosphere"' while Rendall said it had "really ramped up the tension". It seems that the only thing everyone agreed on was the show itself. "Congratulations to Swedish TV for putting on one of the most impressive, exciting and high quality Eurovisions ever," said Rendall.
There were also celebrations for Bayern Munich, while Zlatan Ibrahimovic was lauded in Paris and Gonzalo Higuain broke a long-standing Serie A scoring record. But what else happened in Europe this weekend as further champions were crowned and others didn't have it quite as good?BBC Sport rounds up the stories you might have missed. Club Brugge are Belgian champions for the first time in 11 years thanks to a 4-0 hammering of title rivals Anderlecht. There are still two games to go in the play-off system used to determine the title winners. But Brugge's victory on Sunday means Michel Preud'homme's side are now six points clear and, thanks to finishing top of the regular-season standings, cannot be overhauled. Top scorer Abdoulay Diaby scored twice within five minutes in the first half, before Hans Vanaken and Timmy Simons added goals after the break to spark Brugge's title celebrations. Benfica secured a third successive Portuguese title as they held off the challenge of Lisbon rivals Sporting on a fluctuating final day. The defending champions were two points ahead of Sporting going into Sunday's closing round of games. Sporting threatened to take the title thanks to a better head-to-head record after they scored their opening goal in a 4-0 win over Braga to go top of the table briefly. But that situation lasted just three minutes as Benfica then went in front against Nacional through captain Nicolas Gaitan, before going on to complete a 4-1 victory. Jonas scored the second goal to take the Brazilian's total for the season to 32 as he finished as the league's leading scorer. Gaitan added the third and Pizzi the fourth as Benfica, who at one point trailed Sporting by eight points, secured the title with a record number of points and club record total of 87 goals for an 18-team division. Besiktas are the new Turkish champions after they sealed their first title since 2009 with a 3-1 win over Osmanlispor. Their victory keeps them six points clear of second-placed Fenerbahce, who beat Genclerbirligi 2-1, with one game to go in Turkey's Super League. Germany international Mario Gomez, 30, fittingly led Besiktas to their 14th championship success as the league's leading scorer added his 26th goal of the season. On-loan defender Marcelo had earlier scored twice for Besiktas, who last month moved into a new 42,000-seater stadium. Stuttgart has enjoyed better days than the finale of the regular season in Germany as the city suffered three relegations. The senior team - three times Bundesliga champions - ended a 39-year stay in the top flight as they were relegated. It also spelled the end of head coach Jurgen Kramny's spell in charge. Kramny, 44, replaced Michael Zorniger in November, but will revert to his former job as coach of the reserves, who finished bottom of the German third division. They therefore drop into regional football, along with Stuttgart Kickers, who were relegated after finishing third from bottom of the third tier. Steven Fletcher hasn't pulled up many trees in France but marked what may be his last Ligue 1 game for Marseille in eventful fashion as he scored and missed a penalty. Fletcher's loan move from Sunderland was one of the more surprising January transfer deals and the Scot made an early impression with a cup goal on his first start. That was it, though, until the former Hibernian, Burnley and Wolves striker, 29, claimed his first league goal in his 12th appearance in a 1-1 draw at bottom club Troyes in Saturday's final round of league fixtures. There was to be no happy ending as Fletcher then missed a spot-kick inside the last 10 minutes, but he has a chance of salvation and a possible big finish in next weekend's Coupe de France final against Paris St-Germain, who are seeking to complete a domestic treble. Sevilla obviously enjoy their trips around Europe, if not across Spain. Unai Emery's side will be bidding to win the Europa League for the third year running when they face Liverpool in the final in Basel on Wednesday night. Sevilla therefore played a weakened team for their final La Liga fixture on Saturday and lost 3-1 at Athletic Bilbao, meaning they finished the season without a single away league win. Timothee Kolodziejczak was sent off as Sevilla finished the season in seventh place, with their Copa del Rey final against Barcelona to come next Sunday. At the bottom of La Liga, Sporting Gijon saved themselves on the final day as they beat fourth-placed Villarreal 2-0. That meant Getafe, beaten 2-1 at Real Betis, went down with Rayo Vallecano and Levante. A running sideshow of Italian football this season has been the "will he stay or will he go?" saga of Roma legend Francesco Totti's future. The former Italy international, 39, is out of contract this summer after 23 years at the Stadio Olimpico. Totti has been a bit-part player under Luciano Spalletti as Roma finished third in Serie A.But reports in Italy suggest Roma's record appearance maker has been offered a new deal. "We have offered Totti another year's contract as a player," Roma director Mauro Baldissoni is quoted as saying in the Italian media. So. . .  is Totti staying? "We're waiting for a response," Baldissoni reportedly said.  "He'll want to think about it. "On the pitch, Palermo secured their Serie A survival with a final-day 3-2 win over bottom club Hellas Verona. Carpi's 2-1 victory at Udinese was therefore not enough to give them a second season in Italy's top flight. Elsewhere, Miroslav Klose marked his final game for Lazio by scoring a penalty in his side's 4-2 home defeat by Fiorentina. The Germany international, 37, leaves after scoring 60 goals during his five seasons in Rome.
Hartley, 28, headed home from a 91st-minute corner to send the Pilgrims to Wembley for the first time in 20 years. "I've never experienced anything like that, it's the biggest moment of my career so far," he told BBC Sport. "I was sat in the dressing room and the boys were celebrating and I was just thinking 'what's happened?'"Having drawn the first leg 2-2 at Fratton Park, the Pilgrims - who finished fifth in League two despite having led the league by five points in November - had almost all the chances in the second leg at Home Park. But the game seemed to be heading for extra time until former Stevenage and Hartlepool defender Hartley came up with the winner in front of the Argyle end. "I remember connecting with the ball and it hit the back of the boy's head and hit my head again and went in," he said.  "Then I woke up and there was some big bald guy kissing me in the face. "We set up perfectly to nullify Portsmouth's threat and I think we look like a real good outfit. "I don't think Accrington or AFC Wimbledon will fancy playing us at Wembley.
The 25-year-old, who left Arsenal to join the Bundesliga team in December 2010, has signed a five-year deal with the Hammers. "It has always been a dream to play in the Premier League and now I have a big opportunity to do that," he said. Nordtveit, who made his Norway debut in 2011, has 28 international caps. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The Wales Bill aims to grant the Welsh Assembly new powers over energy, transport and elections. A draft version of the bill was dogged with controversy and the UK government has promised significant changes. Labour's Shadow Welsh Secretary Nia Griffith said there should be no "unnecessary delays" to the bill. Opening the new parliamentary session on Wednesday, the Queen said: "My Government will continue to work in cooperation with the devolved administrations to implement the extensive new powers in the Scotland Act and establish a strong and lasting devolution settlement in Wales. "Alun Cairns, Secretary of State for Wales, said he plans to discuss the bill with First Minister Carwyn Jones, and added: "The Wales Bill will be published as early as possible in the parliamentary session. "Plaid Cymru Westminster leader Hywel Williams criticised UK ministers for providing what he called "one vague sentence on a Wales Bill that has already been announced". The Wales Bill is an attempt to re-write how Wales is governed by defining what is under the control of Westminster, known as the reserved powers model. The current system defines what is under the assembly's control, with everything else assumed to lie with the UK government. The legislation was previously announced in May 2015's Queen's Speech, but the draft version, published in October, attracted widespread criticism that it could actually reduce the assembly's powers. A final version was due to be presented to Parliament by March, but former Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb - since replaced by Alun Cairns - paused the process until the summer. Mr Crabb said the UK government would overhaul the bill, saying there were areas which needed "significant and substantial changes". It is not expected there will be detail on what may be in the new version for another few weeks. Ms Griffith said: "I want to see a bill that is workable that we can get behind, but I don't want to see any unnecessary delays. "The Llanelli MP added: "As I understand it, some of the major difficulties with this bill are being tackled and there have been ongoing talks between the secretary of state and the Welsh Government. "Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Mark Williams said he hoped the UK government "will have taken on the cross-party concerns and brings a bill forward which ensures a clear and coherent political settlement for the people of Wales". The Queen's Speech, read at the state opening of parliament, is drawn up by the UK government and outlines the government's policies and proposed programme for making new laws in the new parliamentary session. A commitment to a "strong and lasting" devolution settlement is becoming as regular a feature of the Queen's Speech as the ceremony that surrounds it. This is what she said last year: "My government will also bring forward legislation to secure a strong and lasting constitutional settlement, devolving wide-ranging powers to Scotland and Wales. "That ushered in the draft Wales Bill, which didn't survive pre-legislative scrutiny by MPs, AMs and academics. So much for George Osborne's 2015 election pledge: "Within 100 days of coming back into office we will have Welsh legislation through parliament to give Wales more control over its own future. . . . "So here we are again, although we may yet see a revised Wales Bill within 100 days.  The UK government has already signalled its intention to compromise on the more controversial aspects of the draft bill. But we can still expect arguments over the exact powers to be transferred to Wales and a continuing debate over how "strong and lasting" the new settlement will be.
A "terrorist hide" was uncovered at Capanagh Forest near Larne after two members of the public found suspicious objects in the woods on Saturday. Some of the items found included an armour-piercing improvised rocket and two anti-personnel mines. The main line of police inquiry is the arms belonged to dissident republicans. Last week, Home Secretary Theresa May said MI5 believed an attack on targets in Great Britain by dissident republicans had become "a strong possibility". Analysis: Vincent Kearney, BBC News NI's home affairs correspondentThe discovery of what appears to be a second dissident republican arms dump near Larne within three months has left police baffled. Based on location alone, the analysis would be that the items found most likely belonged to loyalist paramilitaries. But the nature of what was found suggests otherwise and the finger of suspicion firmly in the direction of dissident republicans. Det Supt Kevin Geddes said the threat level in Northern Ireland from dissident republican groups remains "severe" and an attack is "highly likely". Police officers found three barrels hidden in holes in the forest. As well as rockets and mines, there were also several pipe bombs, assault rifle ammunition and parts to construct a "substantial number of explosive devices". Det Supt Geddes said the seizure was significant "both in terms of its size and its capability". "A number of these devices were ready to be deployed," he added. "This seizure has undoubtedly saved lives. "He said the type of weapons that had been found meant police would focus their investigation on dissident republicans. In March, an arms find was made at Carnfunnock Country Park near Larne, and police said the were investigating a connection between the two discoveries. "There are links in terms of the general location and the manner and method of storage and packaging of these munitions," Det Supt Geddes said. He added that police are "indebted" to the two people who noticed the suspicious objects in the Capanagh Forest.
The claim: Boris Johnson says the European Union will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three. Reality Check verdict: There is no such rule - we popped out and bought a bunch of five without difficulty. A member of the tireless Reality Check team nipped off to a local shop to check this claim. It was touch-and-go for a bit, as the self checkout said there was a problem with buying five bananas, but it turned out not to be a problem with EU regulations, and eventually the transaction was allowed. We've been in touch with Vote Leave, who pointed us towards this directive from 2011.  It goes into considerable detail about how unripe bananas should be presented by wholesalers, but nowhere does it say that you are not allowed to sell bunches with more than two or three bananas in them. If you are a wholesaler, you are not allowed to pack bananas in bunches of two or three - they have to either be single bananas or bunches of four or more.  But that doesn't affect retailers, who can sell bunches of any size they like.
A woman, a man in his 30s and two girls aged three and five were involved in the accident near Junction 11, Reading, at around 14:10 BST on 7 May. The woman, 37, from London, died at the scene while the younger girl later died of her injuries. The man and the five-year-old girl were discharged from hospital.
The SDLP and Alliance Party have yet to say whether they will join the executive. Mr McGuinness said he was still hopeful both would be part of the new executive, but added it was now "make your mind up time" for both parties. The Ulster Unionists have already said they will enter opposition. The Alliance Party's ruling council is due to meet on Thursday to decide if the party will join the executive. The majority of the posts in the executive will be filled by ministers from the DUP and Sinn FÃ©in. In 5 May's election, the DUP maintained the 38 seats it held in the last assembly, while Sinn FÃ©in lost one and now holds 28. The Ulster Unionists have 16 seats, while the SDLP have 12. The Alliance Party secured eight seats during the election, meaning it does not have enough seats to automatically qualify for a ministerial department.  However, it has been offered the justice ministry. "We have offered the position of justice minister to the Alliance Party," Mr McGuinness said on Wednesday. "They have come back with a number of issues which they would like to see addressed and we will respond to those during the course of today. "He added: "I think the SDLP have to consider what is good for the people, what is good for the role of the government as the Good Friday Agreement was all about inclusive administration. "It's make your mind up time over the course of the next seven days. "I hope the SDLP will decide to come into the administration, we are involved in discussions with them, and there will be a further engagement tomorrow and after that they will have to decide.
The incident occurred in the 84th minute of Wednesday's Confederation Cup match between Sudan's Al Merreikh and Kawkab Marrakech of Morocco. Caf is reviewing the incident and awaiting the match officials' report. Kawkab won the match 2-0 - with two penalties - for a 2-1 aggregate win. Caf director of communications Junior Binyam told BBC Sport: "Investigations are being carried out and the the case will be submitted to the disciplinary jury. "Kawkab were 1-0 up in Wednesday's second leg of the play-offs tie - with the score 1-1 on aggregate - when a number of Merreikh club officials entered the field. In the ensuing melee, Al Merreikh's director football Hatim lashed out with his left arm and seemed to strike Otogo-Castane on the right side of his head. After play resumed, Kawkab went on to win an 89th-minute penalty which they converted to earn their place in the group stage of Africa's second tier club competition.
The 28-year-old was out of contract at the Iron, who he captained to the play-off semi-final this season, where they lost to eventually-promoted Grimsby. He joined from Grays in 2010 and leaves following the departure of Iron manager Danny Cowley to Lincoln. Davis' new side finished 19th in their first-ever season in non-league's top flight last campaign.
Mr Smith played a central role in the ceasefire of loyalist paramilitary groups in 1994. The announcement came six weeks after the IRA announced its own ceasefire. Mr Smith spent ten years in prison for his role in the shooting of a Catholic in 1972.  After his released from prison, Mr Smith became a member of the PUP.In 1994, Mr Smith chaired a press conference in which a statement on behalf of the Combined Loyalist Military Command was read out by Gusty Spence, a founding member of the UVF.He later served as the chairman of the PUP and was part of the party's negotiating team around the Good Friday Agreement. The Deputy First Minister, Sinn FÃ©in's Martin McGuinness, tweeted: "Sorry to hear that William (Plum) Smith has died. "I valued his commitment and contribution to peace.  My sympathy to his wife and family. "The former PUP leader Brian Ervine told BBC Radio Ulster's Good Morning Ulster programme: "It's very, very sad that Plum has passed on. "Plum was in the forefront of negotiating and bringing loyalist paramilitaries into the peace process and politicising the UVF and Red Hand Commando. "He was a very intelligent fellow, he educated himself in Long Kesh. "He also took Irish lessons there as well, he called the Irish language his own language. "I'm just very, very sorry, I found him a very decent human being, and I found him a very forward thinking human being and he will be a loss, certainly to the Progressive Unionist Party and the loyalist community. "He was a clear thinker, he was left of centre politically, he had a heart for ordinary people, for working class people, he tried to provide a voice, a voice which had been neglected. "He was also happy enough to stretch over the fence and do business with traditional enemies.
They beat Wales and Australia to finish second to England in Group B and cannot be caught in the overall standings. England added a 10-7 win over Australia and 24-5 success over Wales to their 31-10 victory against Fiji. England take on Scotland in Sunday's quarter-finals while Fiji face France. South Africa will face Argentina in the last eight after winning all of their pool matches while the United States will play New Zealand. Wales lost to Australia, Fiji and England to finish bottom of Pool B on Saturday. Scotland beat Kenya and Portugal and drew with France to come second to the French in Pool C.Rugby sevens will feature for the first time at the Olympic Games later this year in Rio.
The victims were farming in an area that was declared unsafe because of its close proximity to Mount Sinabung. The volcano was still spewing ash on Sunday, hampering rescue operations. More than a dozen people were killed when it erupted in 2014.  It also erupted in 2010, after having been dormant for 400 years. Rescue teams are still scouring the area, looking for more victims who may have been killed or badly burned by the hot gas and ash clouds released in the eruption. Rescue teams were searching homes and farms in the village of Gamber, which was also evacuated in 2014. What causes volcanoes?The 2,460-metre (8,070 foot) tall volcano is among the country's most active. Indonesia, located on the Pacific Ring of Fire, has more than 120 active volcanoes.
The 25-year-old forward has been signed for the second half of the Womens Super League season, which will resume for Blues on 29 June at home to Arsenal. "It further outlines our intentions and vision of what we want to achieve at the club," said manager David Parker. Blues fought off competition from some major European sides to sign Linden. "It's a signal of the development the club is making not just in England but also in Europe that we are now attracting the top European players," added Parker. She is the third German to join this season following the signing of Corina Schroder from Liverpool and the arrival in April of defender Marisa Ewers from Bayer Leverkusen. On the back of two wins in three matches, Blues have climbed to third in WSL 1, seven points behind leaders Manchester City. Linden said: "The conversations with David, (assistant manager) Marcus Bignot and (chief executive) Tim Andrews convinced me about the project and ambitions at the club. "I'm looking forward to the new challenge to play in another country.  I have always wanted to play in England. "Linden, who played at SGS Essen and Bayer Leverkusen before joining Frankfurt for the 2015-16 season, has represented Germany at every level.
The injured bird was found by a walker in Hall Lane, Blubberhouses, on Sunday. It had suffered a shattered wing, possibly a few days earlier, and was put down by a vet. PC Gareth Jones, North Yorkshire Police wildlife crime co-ordinator, said: "I am saddened by the scale of persecution of these birds.  It has to stop. "The birds were all found in North and West Yorkshire and police are concerned by the "unusually high" number of recent attacks on red kites, which are protected by law. In the past two months, four red kites have died after being shot.  Another was found shot but released back into the wild after being treated by vets. Three red kites have also died after being found "in circumstances that suggest poisoning".  They are being examined by the police's Wildlife Incident Investigation Scheme. PC Jones said: "Red kites were persecuted into virtual extinction in the UK, but in recent years they have been re-introduced through breeding programmes at a number of locations nationally. "In Yorkshire, they have spread from their release site at Harewood House, and are now breeding over a large area.  Red kites are scavengers, and normally eat carrion, their favourite food being rats and rabbits. "They are magnificent birds than can be regularly seen soaring over our area, bringing pleasure to many people. "He urged anyone with information about the most recent incident to contact North Yorkshire Police.
The 32-year-old ex-Celtic and Brighton winger joined the Hatters on a two-year deal last summer and played 26 times. "Paddy has had to face up to some personal problems in recent weeks," said boss Nathan Jones. "At the end of the season he came to me and it was soon clear that he wanted to return to Northern Ireland to be closer to his family and to play there again. "Jones added: "It wasn't a straightforward decision for me - Paddy has done well for us, but in the end we reached an agreement and he goes with my blessing.
Shortly after midday, the FTSE 100 was 37. 55 points higher at 6,256. 81. M&S shares sank 8% after the retailer warned of a hit to short-term profits as it attempts to revive its clothing business. New chief executive Steve Rowe says he intends to lower clothing prices and reduce the number of sales promotions. But bank shares helped to bolster the wider market, with RBS up 3. 6% and HSBC 3. 4% higher. Royal Mail shares rose 1% to 526. 5p after regulator Ofcom said it would not impose any new price controls on the company. Ofcom said it had decided against new controls because of the declining market for letters and increasing competition for parcel deliveries. Electrical goods and mobile phone retailer Dixons Carphone rose 0. 5% as it pushed up its full-year profit forecast after enjoying strong sales.  It now expects profits of between Â£445m and Â£450m. On the currency markets, the pound rose 0. 3% against the dollar to $1. 4685, and was also 0. 3% higher against the euro at â‚¬1. 3174.
Bedene, 26, battled past Spain's Carreno Busta, ranked 23 places higher at 43rd in the world, in five sets, winning 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 4-6 5-7 6-2. It was an impressive show of resolve from the Slovenia-born player, who surrendered a two-set advantage. However, he recovered his poise, ending the match with 23 aces. Compatriot Andy Murray reached the third round with victory over Mathias Bourgue on Wednesday. "The last few months haven't been the best and I have been struggling but I'm really proud of what I have achieved so far," said Bedene.  "It meant a lot to win. "I have only played one fifth set before - in Wimbledon last year, and I won it - and it wasn't easy after being two love up but it shows I am fit enough and I am really proud. "Hindered by a thigh injury, Busta struggled to cover the court in the final stages, but Bedene's performance was full of grit and determination as he showed he could mix it with a European clay-court specialist. Djokovic is yet to drop a set at the tournament after easing aside Belgium's Steve Darcis 7-5 6-3 6-4 to advance. Bedene lost his only previous meeting with the Serb, succumbing in straight sets at the 2015 Australian Open. However, the Welwyn Garden City-based right-hander has risen from world number 116 to 66th in the world since then. BBC tennis correspondent Russell Fuller"This was an excellent victory by Bedene because he was up against a fine clay-court player and because he admits his confidence is fragile after winning only two main-draw matches in five tournaments before Roland Garros. "His 23 aces were the bedrock of victory, along with his ability to draw Busta away from his comfort zone behind the baseline by using the drop shot. "Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
The 28-year-old left Rovers after their National League promotion final defeat by Grimsby earlier this month. He made 33 league appearances this season, scoring six goals from defence, and has previously played for the likes of Cambridge and Mansfield. "I spoke to Gary last week and was delighted to join a great club, moving in the right direction," he said. "There was interest elsewhere but when I had a good couple of hour chat with Gary last week and was happy with his vision.
The city accepted 105 people from October to March under the Government's expanded resettlement programme. The council said the first refugees arrived in 2014 and all costs associated with it "are met by the UK Government". UKIP MEP James Carver said it put an unfair amount of pressure on services in Coventry compared to other areas. More on this story and updates from Coventry & WarwickshireSee the breakdown of Syrians resettled by local authority area here. The 71 local authorities in England and Scotland involved in the resettlement programme so far had shown a "tremendous amount of goodwill," the Home Office said. The Government pledged to resettle 20,000 Syrian refugees by 2020 as part of its Syrian Vulnerable Persons Resettlement Scheme. A total of 71 local authorities have accepted 1,602 Syrians in the six months since October and the scheme is expected to cost Â£500m. A total of 159 people were settled in the West Midlands, with 44 in Birmingham and 10 in Stafford. None of the refugees have gone to the North West and 33 were placed in London. Only three people were settled by councils in Kingston upon Thames in Greater London and Mid Sussex. Asylum seekers and refugees: What you need to knowWest Midlands UKIP MEP, James Carver said it was "unfair" for Coventry to take more refugees than other councils. "If the UK is pledging its humanitarian passion then this should be spread across all the authorities fairly," he said. "I would bet my bottom dollar that the pressures on things like housing, hospitals, GP waiting times and school classroom sizes will be far greater in Coventry than in Mid Sussex.  It's an unfair position to put Coventry in. "David Cameron announced plans to step up the scheme last year after public outcry over the fate of those driven to attempt to make the perilous crossing of the Mediterranean by boat. A Home Office spokesman said: "We are very grateful for all the local authorities who have offered their support and will continue to work with them to identify further opportunities to resettle Syrian families. "Coventry City Council deputy leader Abdul Khan said: "Coventry cases have included refugees with significant medical needs and a number of families affected by the violence of the conflict in Syria. "We have accepted them because it is the right thing to do.
The organisers of Common People commissioned the inflatable structure for the event on Southampton Common on Saturday and Sunday. The castle, measuring 23. 8m by 20. 7m by 12. 8m, is taller than the Great Wall of China and can be used by 100 people. It will also appear at the organisers' other festivals - Bestival on the Isle of Wight and Camp Bestival in Dorset. Festival organiser Rob da Bank said: "We do love breaking a record and this is one of our funnest builds so far. "There is currently no record for the world's biggest bouncy castle. Guinness World Records is yet to verify the record. Common People, now in its second year, features Duran Duran, Primal Scream, Craig David and Public Enemy. For the first time, a simultaneous event is also being held in South Parks, Oxford. The current record for a bouncy castle was set in 1997 by Dana Caspersen and William Forsythe, the festival said. The castle, measuring 19m by 19m by 12m, took six hours to erect at the Roundhouse in Camden, north London.
Nihar Janga, from Austin, Texas, was named co-champion with Jairam Hathwar, 13. The pair battled for 25 rounds in the final of the national competition, which was broadcast live on TV.Each received a $40,000 (Â£27,343) prize. One of the biggest cheers of the night came when Nihar successfully spelled 'taoiseach'. "Is that an Irish word for prime minister?" he asked, before rattling off the correct letters. Earlier, he had impressed with his grasp of words. When given 'biniou' to spell, he asked, 'Is that a Breton bagpipe?' before successfully answering. In the final round, Jairam spelled 'feldenkrais', a method of education, leaving Nihar with 'gesellschaft', a type of social relationship. The 11-year-old nailed it to secure a tie and become the youngest champion since 2002. Speaking afterwards, Nihar thanked his mother and said: "I can't say anything.  I'm just in fifth grade.
Colonel Steve Warren said more than 20 strikes have been carried out in the past four days, destroying IS positions. The raids are in support of Iraqi forces who are trying to retake Falluja from IS.Meanwhile there are dire warnings about conditions in the city. The IS commander in the city, Maher Al-Bilawi, was killed in bombardments targeting IS fighter positions and gun emplacements, Col Warren said. However, the colonel warned that it was unclear how long the battle to retake the city would last. Islamic State: The full storySome 50,000 civilians remain trapped in the city and have been told via leaflet drops to avoid IS areas and put white sheets on their roofs, Col Warren said. The UN says it has reports of people dying of starvation and being killed for refusing to fight for IS."We have dramatic reports of the increase of the number of executions of men and older boys, refusing to fight on behalf of Isil," said Melissa Fleming, a spokeswoman for the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, using an alternative acronym for IS."Other reports say a number of people attempting to depart have been executed, or whipped.  One man's leg was amputated reportedly. "The UN says hundreds of families were able to flee the city on Friday with the help of government forces. The assault is being carried out by a combined force comprising thousands of Iraqi army troops, the federal police and Sunni tribal fighters, Col Warren said. Militia forces were also involved but had pledged to remain outside the city, he added. Falluja fell to IS in 2014, a key moment in its rise that saw it declare a caliphate across swathes of Iraq and Syria.
On Friday, Shane Long's first-half goal looked set to give the hosts victory before Luuk de Jong's late equaliser. "I was very pleased - I thought we did fine," said O'Neill. "The Dutch had good possession of the ball (early on), which was actually very good for us because we had to play without it for a little while. "He added: "Then we scored the goal, which obviously gave us a big lift.  I thought we played fine, we kept possession of the ball reasonably well after that. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceHowever, O'Neill rued de Jong's 85th-minute equaliser as the striker punished a spot of ball-watching from central defender Shane Duffy although the manager described the Blackburn man's overall performance in only his third cap as "excellent". Bournemouth midfielder Harry Arter appeared to do his chances of inclusion in O'Neill's Euro 2016 squad no harm as he was named man of the match after winning only his second cap. "I think Harry did well, young (Stephen) Quinn did well also," added the Republic boss. Goalscorer Long was again bothered by a cut on his knee in Friday's game and O'Neill hinted that the Southampton striker may be rested in the final warm-up game against Belarus in Cork on Tuesday. Long's likely absence could see Republic record goalscorer Robbie Keane returning to the side for his 144th appearance.
South Wales Police said the incident happened at about 17:50 BST on Friday near to Court Road, Barry, and involved a black Renault ClioThe child was taken to the University Hospital of Wales in Cardiff. Anyone with information is asked to call 101.
The Australian was poised to take the lead from eventual winner Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes only for a slow pit stop because his tyres were not ready to delay him. The problem followed a mistake costing him a win in Spain two weeks ago. "I got called in and the tyres weren't ready.  I didn't make the call," Ricciardo said. "The guys were running around like ducks, I don't like being up here and being miserable because I got a podium in F1 and it should be a good day but when it happens two races in a row it is hard to take. "He had earlier told the team over the radio on the slowing-down lap: "Nothing you could say would make that any better.  Save it. "Watch: Allan McNish explains Red Bull's "colossal mess-up"Ricciardo pitted a lap after Hamilton finally made a stop to switch from his 'extreme' wet tyres, which he had used from the start of the race, and had built enough of a margin on that tour to reclaim the lead.  But the delay at the stop meant Hamilton blasted past as he rejoined the track. He added: "I felt it should have been me.  If Barcelona wasn't clear, this one was crystal clear.  I took Barcelona on the chin and this one I don't know if I can handle it as good as I did. "This is such a prestigious race.  I may win it in the future but this one I will never get back so it hurts a lot more than any other. "As for any explanation from the team, he said: "Right now I don't want to hear it.  I just want to get out of here.  It will be talked about but now is not the time to do it. "Red Bull motorsport chief Helmut Marko said: "We presented it to Mercedes.  Unfortunately, a lot of misunderstanding and not the right communication. "We will investigate and find out [what happened], but it was a human mistake. "We will check it, make an investigation, and then we can tell you more.  I feel really sorry [for Ricciardo], all we can do is apologise to him.
Sanchez, 40, signed a contract extension in January to remain in charge until the end of next season. However, Deportivo won just two of their last 22 league games and were beaten 8-0 at home by Barcelona on 20 April as they finished 15th. Former Spain and Real Madrid midfielder Sanchez was in charge of Deportivo for 13 months.
The suspension came a day after Germany's Lufthansa said it would suspend its services to the country. The German company said Venezuela owed it millions in ticket revenues. Oil-rich Venezuela has been hit hard by the global drop in oil prices and suffers from high inflation and a chronic shortage of basic goods. Several airline companies have said that currency controls in Venezuela made it impossible for airlines to convert their earnings into dollars and send the money abroad. In a statement, Latam airlines said it would suspend its operations to Caracas airport "temporarily and for an unspecified time". It said flights on its Sao Paulo to Caracas route would end first, within days, and the other routes it runs to Caracas from Lima and Santiago would be halted by the end of July. Strict currency controls were first imposed in Venezuela in 2003 by late President Hugo Chavez. The restrictions were further tightened two years ago, forcing several airlines to reduce their operations in the country as they struggled to repatriate billions of dollars in revenue held in the local currency - the bolivar. Some airlines are now requiring passengers to pay their fares in dollars. Venezuela's government says it is using its foreign reserves - which are now scarce - to pay for essential items such as medicines and industrial machinery. Recently Coca-Cola said it would be halting production of some of its soft drinks because of a lack of sugar while the tyre and rubber products company Bridgestone also ended its more than 60-year relationship with the country.
The Scots have won all five qualifiers to date and host Iceland at Falkirk Stadium on Friday knowing victory would all but secure their place. But Evans is desperate not to miss out again after play-off losses for Euro 2013 and last year's  World Cup. "Now that we're in this position, it would be devastating," she said. "We've been so close and fallen at the last hurdle twice now trying to get to major competitions. "It would be more heartbreak than humiliation. "Iceland, ranked one place above the Scots at number 20 in the world, are also unbeaten after four wins from four, with the outcome of Friday's contest and the return fixture in Reykjavik on 20 September likely to decide who tops the group. "Obviously reaching the finals is everyone's aim," said 24-year-old Bayern Munich forward Evans.  "It's been my aim since I got into the squad, and [veteran goalkeeper] Gemma Fay has been aiming for it for 15 years. "I think it's going to be emotional if we do get there, although we're taking it step by step, trying not to think too far ahead. "With the best six of the eight group runners-up also qualifying automatically, Scotland are in pole position to reach next summer's finals in the Netherlands without the need for a play-off. "Iceland are top seeds in the group," Evans noted.  "They're a really good side and we've always had tough games against them. "But we know we've got a really good chance to beat them. "It would be fantastic to have a big crowd at Falkirk.  Having the fans behind us makes a huge difference. "Evans is one of 12 players in the current 20-strong squad who play outside Scotland, with five at English clubs, four in Sweden and two at Seattle Reign in the United States National Women's Soccer League, including newly-crowned BBC Women's Footballer of the Year Kim Little. Perth-born Evans recently celebrated winning the women's Bundesliga in her first season at Bayern, rubbing shoulders with the likes of Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben as they joined the victorious men's squad for a rapturous reception on the balcony at Munich's New Town Hall. "It was mind-blowing, completely mind-blowing," she recalled.  "There were thousands of people cheering when we came out. "We had a party with the men's team on the Saturday night, having been in their stadium on the Saturday just to get congratulated. "I actually walked out with Franck Ribery at the Town Hall, but, in the photos, Arjen Robben is in the background.  I don't know them very well, but they were all really chatty, really good with us. "Evans, who won four Scottish Women's Premier League titles and six domestic cups with Glasgow City before moving to Germany with Turbine Potsdam, believes the benefits of having more players in the world's top leagues benefits the national team as they close in on a first major finals. "Germany has been at the top of women's football for a long time now - it has really developed over there," she added. "The league is good, arguably one of the best in the world for competitiveness, and we have a hard game every week. "Even within the Bayern set-up, there is such good competition.  Just being able to train with those players every day makes you better.  I'm really privileged. "The league in Scotland is improving, but the girls playing abroad bring something different. "It is a different culture, a new way of playing, and that adds to the national team.
Sydney's Daily Telegraph reported the investigation concerns two games involving the north Sydney-based Manly Sea Eagles last year. It said the games were against South Sydney Rabbitohs and Parramatta Eels. "The organised crime squad is in the early stage of examining information relating to alleged match-fixing in the NRL," said New South Wales police. Manly's media department was unavailable for comment, while the NRL said it was co-operating with authorities. "The possibility of the existence of match-fixing within our sport cuts to the core of our sport and our values," said NRL chief executive Todd Greenberg. "We will take any action necessary to protect the integrity of the game. "In 2011, Ryan Tandy was banned for life after being convicted of match-fixing while playing for Canterbury Bulldogs against North Queensland in 2010. Tandy lost an appeal against the charge in 2014.  He died the same year, aged 32.
The 25-year-old midfielder had received approaches from Scottish Premiership rivals Dundee United and Inverness Caledonian Thistle. Manager Alan Archibald said: "Steven has proved over the last few seasons what a valuable part of the squad he is. "It came as no surprise that Steven had offers from other Premiership clubs. "Lawless, who joined Thistle from Motherwell in 2012, made 40 appearances this season, scoring five goals. Thistle are also waiting to hear from Frederic Francs and Gary Miller after contract offers to the defenders. Caley Thistle, who finished two places above the Glasgow side in seventh, had also made approaches to Lawless' midfield team-mates, Stuart Bannigan and Abdul Osman. Bannigan rejected a new contract at Firhill along with defender Danny Seanborne, but Osman signed a new two-year deal.
The Queen's Park Rangers player made his NI debut in March and scored in his second game against Slovenia. Washington, a postman just four years ago, followed that up with another goal against Belarus on Saturday. "The last few months have been a crazy time and I don't think it has sunk in yet.  I know I have been fortunate," said the 24-year-old. "Football can be about being in the right place at the right time, and I have been lucky. "Maybe in a couple of years I will look back and realise how mad it has all been. "Washington  combined representing non-League St Ives between 2010 and 2012 with a job delivering mail. Having averaged more than a goal-a-game in his 50 appearances for a club in the ninth tier, he then got his break with Newport who paid £5,000 for him. The Welsh club were promoted to the Football League in his first season, although Washington barely featured. He then moved to Peterborough in 2014 and by mid-January of this year, when QPR took him from London Road, Washington had scored 15 goals and aroused the interest of Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill. Washington had only been to the country once before his international bow against Wales in March but he qualified through the grandparent rule. "It was nice to be accepted so quickly and so readily with Northern Ireland," he added. "Life doesn't get much better.  I'm proud of my achievements and just have to try to enjoy it.
Dunlop, 27, lapped the course at 132. 36mph on his BMW superbike and was only four seconds outside John McGuinness' absolute lap record. The Ballymoney man's speed of 131. 34 in the Superstocks improved his own previous best lap of 131. 22. Ian Hutchinson was second fastest in the Superbike class with 131. 66. Eleven-time TT winner Hutchinson, 36, produced his time on his Tyco BMW Superbike from a standing start. Honda-mounted John McGuinness made up the top three in the blue riband class with 131. 12, followed by his Honda team-mate Conor Cummins (129. 99) and Yorkshire's Dean Harrison on a Kawasaki (129. 97). Fermanagh rider Lee Johnston, riding a Triumph, clocked the fastest Supersport speed of the week at 124. 84mph to lie sixth overall in the leaderboard. Bruce Anstey, the quickest Supersport rider to date with 124. 508, came off his Superbike machine at Keppel Gate on Thursday evening, but walked away with a suspected minor ankle injury. Michael Rutter moved to the top of the Lightweight Supertwins leaderboard with a lap of 118. 054mph, just bettering Ivan Lintin's speed of 118. 000mph set on Tuesday night. Meanwhile, Tim Reeves and Patrick Farrance posted a lap of 114. 83mph to send them to the top of the sidecar leaderboard ahead of Dave Molyneux and Dan Sayle. The final qualifying session is scheduled to take place on Friday night, with the first race, the Superbikes, due off at 11:00 BST on Saturday.
The side's appearance in France will be its first at a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup. Players and coaches left their base at the Vale Resort, Vale of Glamorgan, on Saturday and headed to Cardiff Airport. After a send-off from pupils from Ysgol Treganna, Cardiff, the team took off for a friendly in Sweden on Sunday. They will then head to France ahead of the team's first game of the tournament against Slovakia on 11 June.
The 29-year-old Irishman is expected to formally sign for the Scottish Premiership club next week on his return from holiday. Sammon has negotiated an early release from his contract with the English Championship club. His deal is due to expire on 30 June, but Hearts need to register players for the Europa League 10 days before that. Sammon, who had a previous spell in Scotland's top flight with Kilmarnock, spent last season on loan to Sheffield United in League One, scoring six times in 33 appearances. Having switched to Derby for £1. 2m from Wigan Athletic in 2012, he was also farmed out to Championship rivals Ipswich Town and Rotherham United after falling out of favour in the last two years and has not been offered a new deal. Sammon had joined Wigan, then in England's top flight, in 2011 after they had paid Kilmarnock about £600,000 for his services in January 2011. He had spent two and a half years at Rugby Park after arriving from Derry City and scored 25 goals in 75 games for the Ayrshire outfit. Sammon, who had also been linked with Aberdeen this summer, has been capped nine times by Republic of Ireland but failed to make their squad for the Euro 2016 finals. Hearts had signed Abiola Dauda in January to replace Osman Sow, who was sold to Chinese club Henan Jianye, but the Nigerian has returned to Vitesse Arnhem after scoring five times in 15 appearances during his loan spell.
The French duo, seeded seventh, beat Russian fifth seeds Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina 6-3 2-6 6-4. Garcia and Mladenovic claimed their first Grand Slam title having only teamed up this year with a target of playing at the Olympics. They have now won titles in Charleston, Stuttgart, Madrid and Paris. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
The Tinkoff rider finished the 4km time trial ascent of Mont Chery in the French Alps in 11 minutes, 36 seconds. Australia's Richie Porte, riding for BMC Racing, was six seconds adrift, with Team Sky's Froome third. Britain's Froome has won the race twice before - in 2013 and 2015 - both times going on to win the Tour de France. He decided to go out early in the race against the clock because he was concerned it might rain later in the race. "It was tough.  I was running out of legs," he said before Contador and Porte had finished. "I'm happy with that.  Just the feeling makes me happy.  I feel like I'm in  good shape.  I still have some work to do and I hope to keep the momentum till the Tour de France. "Contador, also a two-time Tour winner (2007 and 2009), is yet to win the eight-stage, week-long Dauphine, but has twice finished second - in 2010 and 2014. He said: "The climb suited me really well.  It's a bit of a surprise to beat Froome and Porte but I knew that I could do well. "Britain's Adam Yates, who rides for Australian-based team Orica GreenEdge, finished eighth, 31 seconds behind Contador. The three-week Tour de France starts on 2 July at Mont Saint-Michel in Normandy. Stage one result:1.   Alberto Contador (Spa/Tinkoff)               11mins 36secs2.   Richie Porte (Aus/BMC Racing)            +6secs3.   Chris Froome (GB/Team Sky)                +13secs4.   Daniel Martin (Ire/Etixx - Quick-Step)     +21secs5.   Julian Alaphilippe (Fra/Etixx - Quick-Step) +24secs6.   Wout Poels (Ned/Team Sky)              +25secs7.   Romain Bardet (Fra/AG2R)                    +29secs8.   Adam Yates (GB/Orica)                     +31secs9.   Diego Rosa (Ita/Astana)                      +37secs10.
Glamorgan built their innings on a 122-run second-wicket stand between Will Bragg (75) and Jacques Rudolph (53). After Graham Wagg's 49, the hosts were bowled out in the final over for 289. Chasing 290 to win, the visitors were eventually restricted to 237 all out, despite Michael Klinger's 52 and some late stroke play from Benny Howell (77). Bragg's aggressive 75 off 68 balls got the scoreboard moving well, while Rudolph's cautious 53 was his first half-century of the season. Matt Taylor, Liam Norwell and Howell all bowled intelligently to restrict Glamorgan's acceleration in the latter stages. But the target of 290 looked a long way off when Wagg claimed two early wickets and part-time spinner Colin Ingram took two cheap ones in the middle of the innings, including the vital one of Klinger. Howell's hitting took the game into the closing overs to make it a fine personal performance, before becoming Timm van der Gugten's third wicket. Glamorgan now face Sussex in Cardiff on Wednesday, while Gloucestershire host Middlesex on the same day, still looking for their first win. The One-Day Cup holders lost their opening game by one wicket to Somerset on Sunday when the home side's last pair Jamie Overton and Tim Groenewald put on an unlikely 65 to win with three balls to spare. Glamorgan captain Jacques Rudolph told BBC Wales Sport:"We were quite clinical in the way we went about our business.  William Bragg batted outstandingly but we were 15-20 runs short of where we could have been. "I just wanted to spend some time in the middle.  That's important when you're not performing as well as you'd like and I was fortunate to bat with Braggy who's in very good touch. "Our bowlers were very good.  Colin Ingram bowled exceptionally, as well as Timm van der Gugten. At the moment we've got some good momentum in white-ball cricket.  If that can continue for the rest of the week I'll be a happy captain. "Gloucestershire captain Michael Klinger told BBC Radio Bristol:"Last year we won seven out of eight.  There's no reason why we can't win five out of six now but we need to do the little things a bit better, particularly in the field. "We got out-worked because they out-fielded us and bowled really well to their field. "It's tough not having Jack Taylor to bowl.  Either we need the guys we've got to bowl better or we need to change the line-up. "It's disappointing.  We need a collective effort and so far we haven't had that.
Webster, 21, made 81 appearances for Pompey, having made his debut in 2012 against West Ham in the Championship. The fee is a record for a player under Town boss Mick McCarthy and Webster has signed a three-year contract. Clarke, 19, spent last season on loan at Fratton Park and has now agreed a three-year deal. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
There may be clashes, but a series of deals between Labour and the government have defused most of the big problems in advance.  I've lost count of the number of times Labour's point person, Keir Starmer uttered the words: "I am grateful for that indication," as the Security Minister John Hayes announced changes. Today's big compromise announcement will be the composition and remit of the panel which will assess the operational case for the powers, under the leadership of the independent reviewer of terrorism legislation, David Anderson QC.This matters because the panel have to report by the time the bill reaches committee stage in the House of Lords, and if they called for significant changes that would be pretty hard for ministers to resist. That follows on from the government accepting special protections for Trade Unions and from a government "manuscript amendment" on the role of the "Judicial Commissioners" who would co-sign warrants for investigatory powers - which would allow them to scrutinise the facts of the case, not just the reasonableness of the process by which a warrant was issued. In both cases Labour got pretty much everything they asked for. Further compromise may well emerge on the issue of keeping internet connection records and the level of access to them, and on the protection of medical records.  Protection of journalists and their sources seems a tougher issue - although some suspect that the government would like a few compromise-able issues in its back pocket, so that it can throw a few bones to their lordships, when the bill is considered in detail in the Upper House. I suspect Labour will probably vote for the bill at tonight's third reading - perhaps with a few reservations, while the SNP and probably the Lib Dems will oppose. And then the action switches to the Lords.
The 18-year-old, who is the third-youngest player at Euro 2016, signs a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee. On Monday, Dortmund signed Bayern Munich midfielder Sebastian Rode, 25. Last week, they agreed a deal for Barcelona's Spain defender Marc Bartra, 25, after meeting his £6. 25m release clause and previously signed Rennes forward Ousmane Dembele, 18. The Rode and Dembele deals were completed for undisclosed fees. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
He told The Hollywood Reporter he was "super excited" and wanted "to put a different spin on it", but did not expand on what role he would play. The film will see Jordan reunite with his Creed director Ryan Coogler. "I'm looking forward to working with Ryan once again.  It's gonna be a good time," he said. He added he could not wait to work with Nyong'o, who won a best supporting actress Oscar for 12 Years a Slave in 2014, as well as Chadwick Boseman - who is currently on the big screen playing Black Panther in Captain America: Civil War. Jordan played the Human Torch in last year's Fantastic Four flop reboot.   Nyong'o also played CGI character Maz Kanata in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Black Panther will be released in February 2018.
Colin Nathaniel Scott, 23, fell into the spring in the Norris Geyser Basin area of the park in north-west Wyoming. Authorities are now trying to retrieve Mr Scott's body from the spring but have so far been unable to reach it. Springs in that part of the park, where boiling water runs under thin rock, can see temperatures of up to 93C (199F). "It's very fragile rock and can be thin as a skiff of ice," said park spokeswoman Charissa Reid. Park officials say Mr Scott and his sister had strayed some 200 metres (656ft) from a designated walkway.  They recommend visitors do not leave trails in hydrothermal areas or approach wildlife. On Saturday, a 13-year-old boy suffered burns after his father, who was carrying him, slipped into another hot spring in the park.  The pair had also reportedly left a path. Last month, a Canadian tourist put a bison calf into his car boot in Yellowstone as he was worried it looked cold. The bison was then rejected by its herd, leading it to be put down.
The 23-year-old from Kinross finished second behind Kenyan Faith Kipyegon in four minutes, 19. 12 seconds. That erased Yvonne Murray's 1994 effort of 4:22. 60 in the Scottish rankings and moved her second on the British all-time list behind Zola Budd's 4:17. 57. The new record holder said: "I am really pleased to get that Scottish record.  It means a lot to me. "Muir, who finished fifth in last year's World Championships, now holds the Scottish 1500m and mile records. "This is my first race of the season over this distance, so I am really pleased," she said. "Faith's been running so quick, so to get so close to her, I'm excited. Murray's husband, Tom Mooney, said on Facebook: "Yvonne says: 'Well done to you, Laura. "Muir hopes to secure an Olympics place for Great Britain in Rio at the British trials in Birmingham from 24 to 26 June. The Scot started her season with an 800m victory in Montbeliard, France, last week and next competes in a week's time in a 1500m race in Stockholm. "Training's been going really, so I was expecting to run a good race," added Muir, who fits her training around her veterinary studies.  She recently completed her fourth year of vet school.
Judge Aaron Persky has been heavily criticised for giving student Brock Turner six months for assaulting an unconscious woman last year. Two other petitions have reached 115,000 and 175,000 signatures each. The petitions have no legal force but organisers hope they will increase pressure on politicians to act. Mr Persky, a Superior Court judge in Santa Clara County, California, has reportedly received death threats in the wake of the case. The jail sentence he handed down to Turner has been widely criticised as too lenient.  Prosecutors had called for six years. Turner was seen by two other students sexually assaulting his victim, now 23, behind an outdoor rubbish bin. He tried to flee the scene but was caught and later admitted to the assault in court. Rights activists and members of the general public have accused Mr Persky of being influenced by Turner's upbringing in a wealthy, white family, and his achievements as a college swimmer. The petition, posted on Change.org, says that Mr Persky had "failed to send the message that sexual assault is against the law regardless of social class, race, gender or other factors". The judge said in his remarks that he was concerned about the "severe impact" a longer sentence would have on Turner's life. Turner's father was also criticised after issuing a statement to the court saying his son was paying a steep price for only "20 minutes of action". Turner, who was a promising swimmer expected to compete for the US at Olympic level, has been banned for life by USA Swimming, the governing body for professional swimming in the US.The victim, who has not been named by the press, read an impact statement in court which was later read by millions. US Vice-President Joe Biden, who is involved in a campaign against campus assaults, wrote her an open letter praising her for her courage and saying he was "filled with furious anger" at the course of events. The cast of the TV show Girls have also made a video backing the woman and other victims of sexual assault.
It is looking to raise more than $900m (Â£624m) from investors, which would value the firm at more than $5bn. The listing, planned for July, could make it the world's biggest technology initial public offering this year. Line is looking to raise funds to expand into the US and help it compete with rivals such as Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp and China's WeChat. The app first made its debut in 2011 and is the most popular messaging service in Japan, Thailand and Taiwan. It is famous for selling animated stickers and stamps that people can share while chatting.  Line also provides free voice calls and services such as music streaming. Line's management have looked to take the company public for several years now.  It submitted an IPO application to the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 2014. However, those plans were shelved at the time due to weak global markets. Line had 218 million monthly active users at the end of March.
10 June 2016 Last updated at 11:03 BSTWe Were There was written in 1982 by Leicester singer Bob Wragg in support of England's World Cup finals campaign in Spain. Mr Wragg, 82, said the song was about to be released when the Falklands conflict broke out and it was thought to be "inappropriate at a time of war". The recording features players including Gordon Banks, Bobby Moore, Martin Peters and Alan Ball singing along with former England manager Sir Alf Ramsey.
Howe, nicknamed "Mr Hockey", spent most of his career with the Detroit Red Wings, winning the Stanley Cup four times. He was in the top 10 of scorers for 21 consecutive years and was named MVP six times, before finally retiring in 1980. Howe was also named an NHL All Star 23 times and was inducted into the hockey Hall of Fame in 1972. Gordie Howe died just before 08:00 on Friday at his son's home in Ohio, according to Sportsnet and CBS News.  CNN reported his son Marty as confirming the news. Gordie Howe had suffered a stroke in 2014. He made his debut in 1946, played 26 NHL and six World Hockey Association seasons and held many of the scoring records until the rise of fellow Canadian-born legend Wayne Gretzky. Howe retired in 1971 but made a comeback with the Hartford Whalers in 1979-80 before finally quitting at 52.
Fellow Briton Stephen Cummings won the final stage from Le-Pont-de-Claix to Superdevoluy, but it was Froome who added to his 2013 and 2015 titles. The Team Sky rider had opened a 21-second lead heading into stage seven and held out to win by 12 seconds from Frenchman Romain Bardet. Froome won the Tour de France after both his previous Dauphine successes.  This year's edition begins on 2 July. The 31-year-old had to survive some nervous moments in the final 15km on Sunday, as Spaniard Alberto Contador launched several accelerations on the penultimate climb. Bardet also tried his chances on a rapid descent between the final two climbs but Froome chased down every attack. Cummings, 35, was the last of a 20-man breakaway group to wilt and finished well clear of the chasing pack. Ireland's Dan Martin won the sprint for second with Bardet third, and both moved up a place in the overall standings thanks to the bonus points available on the line. Tasmanian Richie Porte, who started the day second, was caught out in the uphill sprint finish and lost two places. Meanwhile, Froome's Team Sky team-mate Geraint Thomas is 17th overall in the Tour de Suisse after finishing three seconds behind stage-two winner Peter Sagan. Stage seven result:1.  Stephen Cummings (GB/Dimension Data) 4hrs 05mins 06secs2.  Daniel Martin (Ire/Etixx-Quick-Step) +3:58"3.  Romain Bardet (Fra/AG2R) same time4.  Wout Poels (Ned/Team Sky)5.  Adam Yates (GB/Orica)6.  Julian Alaphilippe (Fra/Etixx-Quick-Step)7.  Diego Rosa (Ita/Astana)8.  Louis Meintjes (SA/Lampre)9.  Richie Porte (Aus/BMC Racing) +4:03"10.  Chris Froome (GB/Team Sky) same timeGeneral classification:1.  Chris Froome (GB/Team Sky) 29hrs 59mins 31secs2.  Romain Bardet (Fra/AG2R) +12"3.  Daniel Martin (Ire/Etixx - Quick-Step) +19"4.  Richie Porte (Aus/BMC Racing) +21"5.  Alberto Contador (Spa/Tinkoff) +35"6.  Julian Alaphilippe (Fra/Etixx-Quick-Step) +51"7.  Adam Yates (GB/Orica) +57"8.  Diego Rosa (Ita/Astana) +1:13"9.  Louis Meintjes (SA/Lampre) +1:30"10.
The horror starring Vera Farmiga and Patrick Wilson as paranormal investigators made $40. 4m (£28. 5m). Video game adaptation Warcraft came in second with $24. 4m (£17. 2m) and crime caper Now You See Me 2 was at three, taking $23m (£16. 2m). Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles dropped to four with $14. 8m (£10. 4m). Following a spate of poor performing sequels such as The Huntsman: Winter's War, Alice Through the Looking Glass and Ride Along 2, The Conjuring 2 opened nearly on par with its 2013 original. "There's seemingly been a spell cast over the second instalments and The Conjuring, I think, broke that spell," said Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst for Comscore. "Just the overall quality won over the audience in a genre that's generally looked down upon from a critical perspective. ''Big budget CGI extravaganza Warcraft, taken from the hit video game franchise, reportedly cost $160m (£112. 8m) to make, so effectively bombed in the US financially as well as critically. However, it was a phenomenal success overseas, particularly in China where it made $156m (£110m) in its first five days, surpassing 2015's Avengers: Age of Ultron to set a new record for the biggest debut for a foreign release. The game is particularly popular there, even spawning a theme park. The magician crime caper Now You See Me 2, starring Jesse Eisenberg, Mark Ruffalo and Woody Harrelson, followed the disappointing trajectory of most recent sequels, dropping from its 2013 original opening debut of $29. 4m (£20. 8) to $23m (£16. 2m). The fifth Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie, Out of the Shadows, fell to number four in only its second weekend. The last movie in the franchise grossed nearly double in its opening weekend box office. Rounding off the top five was X-Men: Apocalypse, taking $10m (£7m) in a troubling third weekend. Next week sees the release of Pixar's Finding Nemo sequel, Finding Dory.
Club president Josep Maria Bartomeu told reporters there had been "a mistake. . .  in tax planning" in connection with the transfer. Barcelona had been accused of tax fraud over the signing, which it denied. Neymar and his father are also being investigated over alleged tax fraud, which they also deny. "We have had to accept paying a €5. 5m fine due to a mistake in the 2011 and 2013 tax planning in the signing of Neymar," Mr Bartomeu said. "It was better to accept this agreement than continue on with the uncertainty that has dragged on for a long time over the Neymar case. "Barcelona made a voluntary tax payment of €13. 5m in 2014 after being charged with tax fraud over the signing, but denied any wrongdoing. Neymar, whose full name is Neymar da Silva Santos Junior,  joined Barcelona in June 2013 after a successful career with the Brazilian club, Santos. Barcelona said it paid €57m (£43m) for the forward, with the player's parents receiving €40m and Santos €17m. But investigators said the fee was closer to €83m and that Barcelona had concealed part of the deal.  The club denied the claim. Earlier this month, Spanish prosecutors called for Neymar to be tried for fraud. They allege that the player and his father hid the true value of the transfer from Santos to Barcelona. A Brazilian investment fund, which held 40% of Neymar's sporting rights when he played at Santos, argues it was deprived of its full share of the transfer deal. Neymar is also being investigated for tax evasion in Brazil.
Finance Minister Máirtín Ó Muilleoir made the announcement as part of a reallocation of funds known as a monitoring round. He said that when added to the last monitoring round it means the executive has allocated an additional £200m to health in 2016/17. Health accounts for about half of Stormont's departmental spending. Last week, Health Minister Michelle O'Neill said her department needed "significant additional funding" to meet growing demand. When asked on Tuesday if any of the money would be allocated to waiting lists, Ms O'Neill said she "would make her decisions on the allocations of the additional resources as soon as possible within the next few days". So how will the money be spent?At this stage there is little detail.  However, from the health minister's statement it seems that the money will go directly to unscheduled care which includes emergency departments. It will also be directed to those areas within hospitals which often experience bed blocking - when patients cannot be discharged as there is nowhere for them to be cared for in the community, including in their own homes. Read more. Other reallocations include £30m to schools with £5m of that for special educational needs. There is also £25m for roads maintenance and building schemes and £20m for further education. Mr Ó Muilleoir said there have been no new spending cuts despite pressure on budgets "as a result of the Westminster austerity agenda". A large slice of the money which has been reallocated is £30m which had been set aside to mitigate cuts to tax credits. However, the money is no longer needed for that purpose after the chancellor reversed his plan to cut tax credits.
Now a group of walkers is re-tracing his steps. They set off from Shrewsbury Abbey on 18 June, ending up at St Winefride's Well a week later. The walk is part of a week of events to commemorate the historic royal visit and which, it is hoped, will boost the profile of the town. "Holywell has an incredible, unique history," said Rob Owen, one of the organisers of the town's upcoming medieval festival. "Castles are ten a penny in Wales,  but there's only one St Winefride's Well. "Mrs Owen is rightly proud of her town's famous landmark - St Winefride's Well has been a place of pilgrimage for more than 1,300 years and is the oldest continually venerated shrine of any British saint. According to legend, Winefride was the daughter of a 7th Century nobleman, who shunned the amorous advances of a local prince named Caradog. Furious at her rejection, Caradog beheaded her as she ran towards the safety of her uncle's church. Her severed head rolled down the hill and a powerful spring burst up from the earth at the place it came to rest. But all was not lost for Winefride - her uncle, St Beuno, placed her head back on her body and prayed and miraculously, she was restored to life. Caradog, meanwhile, met a sticky end:  cursed by St Beuno, his body melted and was swallowed up by the earth. Winefride became a nun and later, Abbess of Gwytherin in Conwy, where she died and was buried. The healing waters of her well are said to bring forth miraculous cures; believers still bathe there today and Holywell has become known as the "Lourdes of Wales". In 1138, Prior Robert of Shrewsbury moved the saint's remains to his abbey, later writing a "Life" - or biography - of Winefride, which was to prove instrumental in spreading her popularity. In medieval times, she became the saintly equivalent of a superstar. "Winefride, or Gwenfrewy as she is known in Welsh, is the only native female saint from Wales to have a substantial hagiographical dossier," says Prof Jane Cartwright, from the University of Wales Trinity St David. "She was effectively a Welsh super saint whose cult extended beyond the Welsh border, since her relics were translated to Shrewsbury. "She had two 12th Century Latin Lives and a 15th Century Welsh Life and she is one of the very few Welsh saints to make it into the Roman Martyrology. Prof Cartwright, who is editing the medieval Welsh life of St Winefride for the Cult of Saints in Wales project, which aims to publish a digital edition of some 100 medieval Welsh-language texts on saints, adds: "In a sense her cult united England and Wales and she was deemed suitable to be venerated by royalty,"At least six royal visitors - including Richard I, Edward IV and James II - have come to Holywell over the centuries. By far the most famous visit was by Henry V in 1416, who, having placed himself under the spiritual protection of St Winefride before the previous year's Battle of Agincourt - where his 6,000 men faced a French army six times the size - walked from Shrewsbury to the shrine to thank her for his victory. The precise date and route of the pilgrimage is unknown; in fact the only written record of it is in Latin, in the Chronicle of Adam of Usk so re-enacting the walk to commemorate its 600th anniversary has presented a challenge. "There have been many attempts to work out the route," says walk organiser Ron Williams, from the Holywell Walkers are Welcome group. "But when you think about it, there is only one way Henry V would have come. "There weren't any roads except those the Romans had left and the Roman road comes to Llangollen from Shrewsbury, so that is most likely how he would have started off. "On top of that he would have known that there was a Cistercian Abbey at Valle Crucis, so it's logical that he came there and if you look at a map, there's a direct line between Llangollen and Holywell so all we've done is put a walking route as near to that as possible. "Of course we can't know it for sure but we think our route is more logical than those which have been put forward before. "We have a good number of people walking the whole thing but we also want people to join in for the day so we've tried to make the walks easy to start and finish," adds Mr Williams. The walkers - including one dressed as Henry V - will be welcomed into Holywell on 24 June. The following day, the "King" will immerse himself in St Winefride's well. An interdenominational service, an afternoon of talks on St Winefride and a medieval festival - complete with storytellers, jesters, archery and combat displays - are also part of the anniversary celebrations. It is hoped the events will provide what festival organiser Mrs Owen claims is a "much-needed" boost for the Flintshire town. "Holywell has been neglected," she said. "It's like an unpolished diamond, a bit rough around the edges and it needs lots of little improvements. "We want to get a much higher profile for the town with this - we want to really put it on the map. "Kerry Feather, project director of  St Winefride's Well, agreed: "We want the town and the well to benefit from the attention. "We currently have around 35,000 visitors every year and we really would like to boost that number. "Some people come here for healing but others just find it a place of peace and sanctuary, somewhere to spend time, whether it's in prayer or thought, in an oasis of calm in the middle of a very busy world. "The organisers of this year's pilgrimage re-enactment also want it to have a lasting legacy - they have applied for Lottery funding for the creation of a new pilgrim's trail from Shrewsbury to Holywell, complete with waymarkers. "Walking a pilgrim's trail is not just a walk, it's a different experience altogether," said Mr Williams. "I'm not religious but you're walking in places where people have walked for centuries and it gets to you. "You think, 'Why were they here, how did they get here, how did they feel?'"It's quite an emotional experience and you get a real sense of connection to the history of the places along the route.
It will be the robot's first foray into healthcare after previous deployments in shopping centres, banks and train stations. One hospital plans to deploy more robots over the next 10 years. Some experts have questioned the usefulness of social robots such as Pepper. Softbank, the company behind Pepper, and partner French robotics firm Aldebaran have seen huge success with the creation, with each batch of 1,000 selling out fast in Japan. The hospital-based robots will be significantly more expensive than the $1,850 basic model with a $34,000 (Â£24,000) price tag. This will include specially designed software from Belgian firm Zora Bots, as well as access to the helpdesk should issues arise when Pepper is on duty. The 1. 2m (4ft) tall robot can recognise the human voice in 20 languages and can detect whether it is talking to a man, woman or child. In the CHR Citadelle hospital in Liege, Pepper will remain in the reception area but, at the AZ Damiaan hospital in Ostend, it will accompany visitors to the correct department. The Liege hospital wants to become one of the world's most futuristic over the next 10 years. "It's about architecture, future rooms and robots, the ones we already have and the ones we're going to get," said CHR Citadelle's communication director Nathalie Evrard. Both hospitals already use the smaller Nao robots, also made by Softbank, in both their paediatric and geriatric wards. The little robots assist in exercise sessions and help children overcome their fears of surgery, sometimes going to the theatre with them. Some remain sceptical about how useful Pepper can be in both homes and commercial settings, with robotics expert Prof Noel Sharkey previously telling the BBC: "It is good at conveying human-like gestures but the way it detects human emotions might be over-hyped.
Demonstrators in the Hindu-majority city were angered by a Muslim man who they say threw stones at the temple on Tuesday. They also accused police of hitting a temple priest in the subsequent unrest. The man who was accused of throwing stones at the temple has been arrested.  His family say he is mentally ill. Mobile internet services were suspended and state Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti appealed for calm on Wednesday. Kashmir: Himalayan flashpointKashmir's once thriving Hindu communityPolice said the man accused of desecrating property at the Aap Shamboo temple had been identified as Mohammed Yasir, aged 25. His brother Tanvir Ahmad told police that Mr Yasir had run away from a nearby psychiatric clinic. BBC Urdu's Riyaz Masroor says the authorities have taken action against the police officer who slapped the priest. Police told BBC Urdu that protesters damaged property and threw stones. A case has been registered against "unknown persons" for rioting. The Jammu region is Hindu-dominated but Muslims are in a majority in the rest of Kashmir, which is claimed by both India and Pakistan.
This will be ripe territory for both sides because they believe that is where the highest numbers of undecided voters are to be found. Morgan Brobyn, from Vote Leave, said he was looking to take advantage of the split loyalties many feel because of their previous support for remain-supporting Labour. He said: "It is a combination of failed aspirations which they see around them and because they don't see any tangible benefit to the EU or any difference it's made to their lives. "The level of structural funding is not enough of an incentive for them to remain. "Lord Hain, who is running the Welsh Labour In campaign, said between a fifth and a third of voters in its heartland areas were undecided. He said: "People are beginning to get alarmed.  We are going to have to fight for a vote that people took for granted. "There is a big section that is undecided and they will hold the key. "It means that rock-solid Labour areas will become political battlegrounds during the next week, in marked contrast to normal elections where the results are often foregone conclusions. Unlike in a first-past-the-post general election, every vote in a referendum counts as the the entire UK. In effect, becomes one giant constituency. The Valleys feature prominently in the areas that Vote Leave will be focusing on in the final days of the campaign. As well as Merthyr Tydfil and Caerphilly, they include Port Talbot, Cardiff and Newport. In the north, extra resources will be deployed in the constituencies of Clwyd West, Aberconwy and Wrexham. Leave campaigners say their blanket leafleting approach will be replaced by more targeted door-to-door canvassing in the final days. Any undecided voters expressing some degree of sympathy for a Brexit to a Vote Leave campaigner can expect another visit on June 23rd as the campaign focuses on getting its vote out. Senior Vote Leave figures admit some of their data is too narrow but they believe they are ahead in most parts of Wales apart from Anglesey, Gwynedd, Ceredigion, Cardiff and in Newport where they say they are neck-and-neck with remain. They claim to have had up to 500 activists operating in Wales in the past week. The make-up of the teams vary.  In the Vale of Glamorgan, around 80% of the local Conservative activists who campaigned for the party in the recent assembly and general elections are out campaigning for leave. The remain side is more difficult to characterise because it is made up of a number of different elements. Wales Stronger In is the umbrella organisation, but it works alongside parties like Plaid Cymru, and parallel with the much larger ground operation run by Labour. Labour has run a separate operation involving up to 1,000 people on a weekly basis, and has focused entirely on traditional voters using a combination of doorstep canvassing and town centre stalls. From here until the referendum, Labour's focus will be in the south Wales valleys and Newport, where the party admits there is plenty of heavy lifting to be done. Lord Hain believes in some areas it is developing into a head versus heart debate. He says people have begun approaching them saying their heart wants them to leave but their head is telling them to stay. And it is this remark which they are latching onto, as the leave side try to generate a sense of momentum in the final stage of the campaign.
Under an informal rotating principle, the ninth secretary general should be an Eastern European.  But the region risks losing that chance because of lukewarm backing for national candidates at home, and a regional failure to pull together to back one individual. An informal selection procedure, made more transparent this year by open hearings, has produced 11 candidates so far, eight of them from Eastern Europe. The former or current foreign ministers of Moldova, Macedonia, Montenegro, Croatia, Serbia and Slovakia, plus the former president of Slovenia are all in the race. Bulgaria has proposed Irina Bokova, current head of Unesco, the cultural and educational wing of the UN.The other New York raceHelen Clark to run for UN top jobClose observers at the UN say the candidates risk crowding each other out - leaving the way open for other strong candidates including Susana Malcorra of Argentina, Helen Clark from New Zealand, or the tough-talking former UNHCR head, Antonio Guterres from Portugal. In July, a straw poll among the 15 members of the Security Council should give a clearer idea of the backing, or lack of support, for each. Even more candidates could also step forward in the coming weeks.  Another Bulgarian stateswoman, Kristalena Georgieva, is widely rumoured to be on the brink of announcing her candidacy. "I am obviously watching the race closely.  A lot of people are urging me to enter.  Let's see what happens," she told the BBC. Behind the scenes, several countries are said to be considering nominating her. Ms Bokova was an early frontrunner, and enjoyed crucial Russian backing.  But her chances have been harmed by a damning investigation of the inner workings of Unesco in recent months, and by her support for Palestinian statehood - frowned on by the US government. Nearly half of Unesco's budget currently goes on staff salaries. By way of contrast, Ms Georgieva has a strong record as an administrator at the World Bank, and as a former EU commissioner for humanitarian affairs and current commissioner for budgetary affairs. In recent months, she led the team overseeing a new blueprint for UN humanitarian interventions which concluded that $1bn (Â£710m) a year could be saved by directing funds directly to those in need. More information on the candidates and the selection procedure is available on the UN's website"Insiders say that either Kristalena Georgieva or Antonio Guterres could give the UN the kind of kick up the backside it needs," said Richard Gowan, a UN expert at the European Council on Foreign Relations. There is a consensus that the next leader of the UN should be a good manager with experience of running international organisations.  Wide international backing for the idea that the next UN secretary-general should be a woman, plus Russian insistence that she or he speak Russian, could tilt the race into a battle between the two Bulgarians. "This is such a loose process, that if it became clear that Ms Georgieva had the support of the five permanent members, there is a way to get her back into the running," said Richard Gowan. A final decision on the next secretary-general is expected in October, when Russia presides over the Security Council.
Bell, 19, made three first-team appearances for Dale in addition to loan spells at Chester and Droylsden. He follows former Forest Green striker Reece Styche among the Tynesiders forward imports this summer. "Nyal is a young, athletic striker who is prepared to work hard and willing to learn to go on to the next level," assistant manager Lee Nogan said.
The possibility of Brexit was one of the factors that led the US Federal Reserve to keep interest rates on hold, Chair Janet Yellen said. The US central bank also said it expected a "slower path" for future rate rises. It raised rates in December for the first time in nearly a decade. On the 23 June UK referendum on whether to stay in the European Union, Ms Yellen said: "Clearly this is a very important decision for the United Kingdom and for Europe. "It is a decision that could have consequences for economic and financial conditions in global financial markets. "If it does so it could have consequences in turn for the US economic outlook that would be a factor in deciding on the appropriate path of policy," she added. Meanwhile, the US Treasury cleared all bond sales on the 23 June. Lou Crandall, chief economist at Wrightson ICAP, told Bloomberg Business that the Treasury alters its auctions calendar to avoid Fed monetary policy announcements, and that the UK referendum was a "similar kind of market event". Fed policymakers did not reveal when rates might rise, but the door has been left open for an increase when they next meet at the end of July. Chair Yellen added: "Proceeding cautiously and raising our interest-rate target will allow us to verify that economic growth will return to a moderate pace, that the labor market will strengthen further, and that inflation will continue to make progress toward our 2% objective. "The Fed said in a statement that the pace of improvement in the labour market had slowed.  The bank added, however, that "economic activity will expand at a moderate pace and labour market indicators will strengthen" even with gradual rate increases. Analysis: Andrew Walker, BBC NewsThe key consideration in this decision was the US jobs market - with a little help from the uncertainties arising from the forthcoming British referendum and a few other factors. We have had two months where job creation has been disappointing, especially May. The Fed Chair Janet Yellen called it "something of a loss of momentum". But she also said signs there were signs that the labour market is "approaching maximum employment" and it's important not to attach too much importance to one data point. She - and, she said, the Fed's policy making committee - did not feel that "progress in the labour market has come to an end". Which leaves us (or at least me) having to pore over the next jobs report to see how likely a rate rise is in July. At this stage it doesn't look very likely, but it is not altogether off the table. The dollar fell against the euro and sterling, but Wall Street held on to earlier gains, with the S&P 500 up 0. 3%. The Fed expected the unemployment rate to stand at 4. 7% by the end of this year, before falling to 4. 6% in 2017 and remain at that level in 2018. In May, US job creation fell to its lowest level in more than five years, after faltering in April. Ms Yellen said it was important not to overreact to one or two monthly readings. "That said, we will be watching the job market carefully," she added. The Fed now expects the US economy to expand by only 2% a year for the foreseeable future - slightly lower than the forecast in March. Brian Jacobsen of Wells Fargo Funds Management said: "It's as dovish as the Fed can get without actually cutting rates. "Aaron Kohli of BMO Capital Markets agreed that the statement appeared "somewhat dovish", adding: "The market had expected them to moderate their tone a little bit given what's been going on and given the risk that we have in terms of Brexit.
Chasing a revised 327 from 47 overs in the one-day game, the Red Rose lost their last nine wickets for 31 runs on their way to a 242-run thrashing. It was Lancashire's heaviest defeat in List A cricket. "I'm not going to be rip anyone in particular apart as it is a team effort, and it's not good enough," Giles told BBC Radio Lancashire. "I do think there is a danger of thinking we're a better side that we are in one-day cricket, and we're not. "We got away with it a little bit last year in T20 and in the end in 50 overs we almost qualified at the last minute, and we're doing the same thing again and we're not that good. "Every time you go to play and wear that Lancashire shirt we've got to play better than that. "With Neil Wagner being called up by New Zealand for their Test series against Zimbabwe and South Africa, Giles has also spoken about the possibility of a replacement. The Kiwi has taken 28 wickets so far this season after joining at the start of the campaign. "We'll look at all the options but there needs to be the availability of the right person," Giles added. "If there is then we'll certainly be interested.  He'll be available for the next three Championship games and then missing until September.
Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg said parts of the track in the Azerbaijani capital were "really not looking good". Button added that some corners "don't have any run-off at all". Rosberg hoped governing body the FIA had stuck to the safety guidelines that govern tracks, but added: "I'm doubting it a little because of those corners. "The main areas of concern on the new track, which joins both the new and historic old parts of the city and is expected to be the fastest street circuit in F1 history, are turns three, seven and 15 and the pit-lane entry. Button said: "We trust in the FIA and they do a fantastic job in keeping us safe.  They have improved pretty much every circuit we go to, including Monaco. "It's just that on certain corners here, it looks as if there is not a lot of run-off.  Hopefully I'm wrong. "He added: "It is fine as long as no-one has a failure, we will go away all happy.  We just have to hope that doesn't happen. "Button said the most critical area was turn 15, which the drivers will approach at estimated speeds of about 180mph after a long flat-out section. He said: "There is run-off but you have to turn right to take it. "Rosberg added: "The track is great, the place is great.  I have been welcomed very well so I'm sure all in all it will be a great success. "But there is a bit of a concern for sure with those run-offs.  That's not great.  The corner before going down the hill (15) where you have a wall straight on, turn three, and then the pit entry as well.  that is not fantastic. "The pit-lane entry is towards the end of a 2. 1-kilometre straight, where cars are expected to be travelling in excess of 200mph, and features a tight chicane. The area governed by the pit-lane speed limit does not start until after the chicane. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said the pit entry "is going to be quite cool" because, as it is effectively part of the race track, there was "between half-a-second and a second" for a driver to gain in the chicane. But Rosberg countered: "Yeah but there is also a massive accident to be had if you go a little bit more than that. "McLaren's two-time champion Fernando Alonso, who is the race's official ambassador, played down the issue. "There are some corners probably we will talk about," he said.  "Some others that we need to go on the car first and see how they feel. "In terms of safety, the FIA ran many simulations in terms of how to make the run-off safe enough.  Some of them are safe enough, some of them maybe they look small but it's always better than Monaco, for example.  It cannot be any worse than that. "The FIA has yet to answer BBC Sport's request for a response. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceWinger Niall McGinn also netted as Northern Ireland recovered from their opening defeat by Poland to remain in contention for a place in the last 16. "People had written us off, nobody gave us a chance," said defender McAuley.  "It's a very special moment. "We weren't at it against Poland and we wanted to put it right. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe 36-year-old West Brom player became the second-oldest goalscorer at a European Championship by putting Northern Ireland ahead with a 49th-minute header, before substitute McGinn added the second in injury time. It was Northern Ireland's first victory at a major tournament finals in 34 years - since beating hosts Spain at the 1982 World Cup - and the result means Michael O'Neill's side can still progress as a best third-placed team at least. They face Germany in their final Group C game and, with Ukraine having been eliminated, Northern Ireland will qualify for the knockout stages with a win in Paris on Tuesday. "We let ourselves down against Poland in terms of the intensity we wanted to play at so we had a point to prove to ourselves," said McAuley. "It was a wonderful team performance and we are delighted for everyone, especially the supporters. "We have something to play for in our last game against Germany, which is what we wanted.  We can take a lot of confidence into that game. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceO'Neill made five changes for his side's second group game, including leaving striker Kyle Lafferty on the bench, and the Northern Ireland boss acknowledge it was a gamble. "There was some risk attached to changing the team but it was a fantastic performance from the entire side," said the 46-year-old. "I couldn't have asked any more.  The players gave every last ounce of passion and energy and the supporters were magnificent - everything that is good about Northern Ireland was in that stadium. "We have given ourselves a great chance of finishing third and we will try to nick a point, maybe more, against the Germans. "I'll let the players enjoy this and then our minds will switch to Germany.  We won't underestimate them.
The move is part of an acrimonious battle for control of the media empire that includes Paramount and MTV.Independent director Frederic Salerno has contested the move, and Mr Dauman remains chief executive. Mr Redstone's cinema chain, National Amusements, has filed with a Delaware court to approve the changes. The health of the 93-year-old Mr Redstone and his daughter Shari's influence over him have been questioned. Mr Salerno said he was filing a countersuit. In May, Mr Dauman and board member George Abrams were removed as directors of National Amusements. Mr Dauman then filed a lawsuit on behalf of himself and Mr Abrams against Shari Redstone, claiming she had manipulated her father to gain more control of the board. Ms Redstone said at the time that it was "absurd" to say she controlled her father.
The news comes a day after search teams recovered the cockpit voice recorder from the wreckage of Flight MS804. Both recorders, known as the "black boxes", are crucial to discovering why the Airbus A320 came down on 19 May, killing all 66 people on board. The plane was flying from Paris to Cairo when it vanished from radar. Investigators have said it is too early to rule out any causes for the crash, including terrorism. The Egyptian investigation committee said the data recorder had been "retrieved in several pieces" by a specialist ship, the John Lethbridge. The ship, operated by Deep Ocean Search, found the plane's wreckage on Wednesday in several locations about 290km (180 miles) north of the Egyptian coast, at a depth of about 3,000m (9,800ft). The data recorder is usually located in the plane's tail along with the voice recorder, which had to be salvaged in stages on Thursday because it was badly damaged. The investigation committee said the data from the second recorder's memory unit will be downloaded once it has been transferred to the Egyptian port of Alexandria. The data recorder gathers information about the plane's speed, altitude and direction. Earlier on Friday, an unnamed official in the investigation committee told AP news agency that the voice recorder's data was already being analysed by experts, including representatives of France's air safety agency and the plane's manufacturer, Airbus. The cause of the crash remains a mystery. Egypt's civil aviation minister has said a terrorist attack is more likely than a technical failure. Automated electronic messages sent by the plane revealed that smoke detectors went off in a toilet and in the avionics area below the cockpit, minutes before the plane's signal was lost. On Monday, the investigation committee confirmed that radar data showed the plane turned 90 degrees left and then 360 degrees to the right, dropping from 11,300m (37,000ft) to 4,600m (15,000ft) and then 3,000m (10,000ft) before it disappeared.
Robert Thomson, 18, from Bellshill, was last seen on Friday 3 June and reported missing by his family two days later. Police said the body found in woods near Kilbrennan Drive, Motherwell, had yet to be formally identified but was believed to be Mr Thomson. A post-mortem examination will be held to establish the cause of death, which is not being treated as suspicious.
Matt Coles and Darren Stevens removed Mark Wallace and Jacques Rudolph in the first two overs. But Will Bragg (33 no) and Chris Cooke (42 no) played positively in response, although Cooke was dropped on 23. Kent keeper Adam Rouse, a late call-up for Sam Billings who suffered a hand injury in practice, needed treatment for a dislocated finger. Glamorgan rested in-form South Africa batsman Colin Ingram, who missed the first six weeks of the season because of a knee problem. Adam Rouse told BBC Radio Kent:"I was playing club cricket in Hampshire when I got the call, Sam had been hit on the thumb. "I wasn't expecting this game but Sam's got the T20 (England) stuff coming up and that's important, he wants to make sure he's right for that. "The ball was wobbling around a bit and I got one on the end of the finger, [physio] Dan [George] popped it in and chucked me a few pain-killers. "We got a couple of early wickets but Cooke's struck them nicely, it's definitely the conditions for swing bowling.
Lowry is five under par but still has four holes to play on Sunday before starting his final round at Oakmont. American Andrew Landry is two shots behind with players catching up after storms affected the first day. England's Lee Westwood is a shot back on two under, having played 15 holes, along with second-round leader Dustin Johnson and Spain's Sergio Garcia. The leaderboard was constantly changing during an intriguing third round with Johnson, Lowry, Landry, Westwood and Garcia all having either the outright lead, or a share of it at some point. None of the top seven on the leaderboard have ever won one of golf's four majors. Lowry birdied the fourth, sixth and seventh to briefly move a shot clear at the top on his own. But after taking a bogey-four on the eighth, he added birdies on the ninth and 12th to regain the lead and open up a slight advantage. "I'm glad we didn't have to play another four holes as I was getting tired but I'm really looking forward to getting out there on Sunday," said world number 41 Lowry. "I've never been in this position but this is where you want to be. "My game is good and I feel very comfortable out there. "Johnson had begun the round with a one-stroke advantage and birdied the first hole to move two shots clear.  He scrambled a par on the second after sending his tee shot, via a spectator's head, into a food stall. However, the American double-bogeyed the third as his challenge faltered. Westwood, 43, is looking to win his first major at his 73rd attempt.  He held a share of the lead after chipping in for an eagle from 130 yards on the par-four fifth but finished the day on two-under par with three holes of his third round to play. Garcia was also briefly a co-leader after hitting back-to-back birdies on the fifth and sixth as he bids for his first major after finishing second on four occasions. Landry, who is ranked 624 in the world, led the American challenge with a birdie on the seventh giving him the outright lead and he ended the day as Lowry's closest challenger on three under with five to play. South Africa's Branden Grace is the leader in the clubhouse after a four-under-par 66 in his third round. World number one Jason Day, the 2015 PGA Championship winner, also hit a 66 after four birdies in his first five holes and picked up an eagle on the par-five fourth. The 28-year-old Australian, who shot a six-over par 76 in his opening round, is six shots off the lead. The third round will resume at 12:00 BST on Sunday, with the final round following later in the day.
Gisela Stuart, who chairs the group, said promising to control numbers and then failing to do so was "corrosive" of public trust in politicians. Voting Leave on Thursday was the only way to "take back control" on immigration, she said. Mr Cameron said leaving the EU was "not the right way to control immigration". Meanwhile, a report by think tank Migration Watch, that wants lower immigration, said overall, all migrants - both from the EU and elsewhere - in the UK "continue to be a net fiscal cost" to the Exchequer. It said only recent migrants - who arrived from 2001 - from the old member states of the EU14 had made a "net positive fiscal contribution". "Immigration has not been shown to have any significant impact, either positive or negative, on GDP per capita, a key measure of economic performance. "There is therefore no economic case for mass immigration on the present scale," the report said. Ms Stuart said the UK was an "open and tolerant nation" that had been made "better and stronger" by immigration and should be "proud" about helping refugees. But the Labour MP said the EU's policies were "failing in humanitarian terms". "The tragic scenes unfolding in the Mediterranean underline how badly the European Union is handling population movements and migration pressures," she said. "If we are to maintain public confidence in migration and prevent extremists from dominating the debate, it is essential that elected politicians are accountable for decisions about migration. "Ms Stuart said voting to Remain meant there would be "no control" over migration from the EU, "no matter how great the pressure on schools, hospitals and housing becomes or how much wages in our poorest communities are pushed down". She pointed to the fact that in 2015 net migration - the difference between the number of people coming to the UK for at least a year and those leaving - was 333,000, according to the Office for National Statistics. This issue covers immigration and free movement within Europe. That figure was the second highest on record, while the figure for EU-only net migration was 184,000 - equalling a record high. Ms Stuart said: "It is clear that it will be impossible to reduce net migration below 100,000 if we vote to stay in the EU."The prime minister must now make clear that he will abandon this manifesto pledge if he wins the referendum on Thursday.  He cannot continue to promise to do something that he knows is impossible. "Inside the EU we don't control our borders and cannot control the movement of people coming here from the EU."Ms Stuart said that by leaving the EU the UK would "take back control" and politicians would have to keep their promises on migration. She said in the past Mr Cameron had ended up dropping promised policies on EU migration - such as EU migrants having to have a job offer to come to in the UK - "because Brussels would not allow them". In a special edition of Question Time, Mr Cameron conceded that controlling immigration was "very challenging" but he said his EU renegotiation would make a "big difference". He said there was "no silver bullet" and that leaving the EU and the single market was "not the right way to control immigration". The PM also said the government would have to put up taxes or cut spending or risk "going back to square one" if the UK voted to leave. If the UK votes to leave, he said: "That's it, we are walking out the door, we are quitting - we are giving up on this organisation. ""I do not think Britain, at the end, is a quitter," he added. Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Monday, UKIP leader Nigel Farage said he wanted to see UK immigration come down to "post war" levels of between 30,000 and 50,000 people a year. "At the moment, we have no control.  A British passport is an EU passport, open to 500 million people," he said, but added that it would be up to Parliament to set the level. Immigration has been a key battleground in the referendum campaign ahead of the vote on EU membership on 23 June. On Sunday Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, who supports Remain, told the BBC there could be no upper limit on the number of people coming into the UK while there is free movement of labour in the EU.Pro-Leave Michael Gove said people wanted to feel numbers were controlled. Meanwhile, Boris Johnson, another leading Leave campaigner, said that without border controls, "the substantial flows of migration. .  show no sign of diminishing". Writing in the Daily Telegraph, Mr Johnson said that by leaving the EU the UK would "take back control" of £10. 6bn net per year, which he said would enable the country to "take back control of our borders, and install an Australian-style points-based system that is fair both to people coming from the EU and from non-EU countries". Mr Johnson urged voters to "change the whole course of European history" by voting to leave, which he said would be "overwhelmingly positive". "Now is the time to believe in ourselves, and in what Britain can do, and to remember that we always do best when we believe in ourselves," he added.
The South Korean, 23, bogeyed the 18th hole to finish on 17 under alongside 26-year-old Solheim Cup player Ciganda. But Kim then birdied the par-four 18th in the play-off to seal her second LPGA title this season - after March's JTBC Founders Cup - and her fifth overall. Wales' Becky Morgan finished tied 16th, with joint first-round leader Dame Laura Davies in a share of 43rd. We've launched a new BBC Sport newsletter ahead of the Euros and Olympics, bringing all the best stories, features and video right to your inbox.  You can sign up here.
Morata, 23, who is playing for Spain at Euro 2016, joined Juventus in 2014, after four seasons with Real. The terms of his move to Italy included an option for Real to buy him back, with the fee reported to be up to 30m euros (£23m). Morata, previously reported to be a target for Arsenal and Chelsea, has scored three times for Spain in France. He scored 27 goals in two years for Juventus, winning two Serie A titles and two Coppa Italias. Morata played in back-to-back Champions League finals, having appeared as a substitute in Real's 2014 win and scoring in Juventus' 3-1 defeat by Barcelona in 2015. The 6ft 3in striker came through the ranks at Real, making his first team debut at 18, and scored 10 goals for the La Liga side. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The hosts declared on their overnight score of 244-5, setting Notts a victory target of 386 in 96 overs at The Oval. Notts were 102-2 at lunch but collapsed spectacularly during the afternoon session, losing their final eight wickets in 53 minutes for just 38 runs. Surrey spinner Zafar Ansari, who removed Jake Libby and Riki Wessels with successive balls, ended with 6-36. Ansari's devastating spell meant Brendan Taylor's 68 from 79 deliveries was in vain for Notts, who are now level on points with Surrey in Division One. The win also lifted Surrey off the bottom of the table above Hampshire. Notts had looked in a good position while Taylor and opener Jake Libby, who made a patient 33 from 115 balls, were at the crease sharing a third-wicket stand of 90. But the swift departures of Libby and Wessels started the procession of Notts wickets, with only Dan Christian (11) reaching double figures among their final seven batsmen. Surrey captain Gareth Batty told BBC Radio London: "We've missed key moments in games at times, and we didn't miss them in this game. "Everybody contributed and it ended up being a very good win against a very good Notts team. "Traditionally, we're a better team in the second half of the season than in the first half.  Hopefully we go back to type, play good cricket for the rest of the season and get a few more wins under the belt.
The Victory Medal belonged to Pte William John Boaden of the 3rd Battalion Devonshire Regiment. It was found in a farmer's field in Porthcawl by a team of metal detecting enthusiasts. Researcher Stephen Lyons then tracked down Pte Boaden's family in Tiverton, Devon, where he was born in 1897. But it is still not known how the medal came to end up in the field. Pte Boaden signed up on the outbreak of the First World War aged 17. His regiment served in France and Belgium, Mesopotamia, Salonika, Macedonia, Egypt, Palestine and Italy. The medal is badly damaged but Pte Boaden's name and regimental number are still visible. Chris Jeffreys made the discovery after sitting down on a fallen tree to take a break from metal detecting. "I didn't have many finds that day," he said, until his detector picked up a "beautiful signal" around the tree. "The area had been covered dozens of times before, so whether the tree falling disturbed something I don't know. "It's the first medal I've found," he added.  "I was overjoyed. "Keen to unravel the mystery of how the medal ended up in the field, Mr Jeffreys and his fellow metal detecting enthusiasts appealed for help to find out what happened to Pte Boaden. A First World War expert based in Cwmcarn, researcher and historian Stephen Lyons answered the appeal. Following a tenacious and at times pain-staking research, he tracked down daughter-in-law Moira Boaden and his grandson Stephen Boaden living in Tiverton, Devon. Mr Jeffreys recently met them to present the medal. Mrs Boaden said she was "delighted" as she never knew of its existence and that the family "will treasure it". "It's so interesting hearing all the history of my father-in-law. "Stephen Boaden said he had nothing of his grandfather's, not even a photograph, until recently. "It was a very nice surprise," he said. "To find out so much information about what he went through and who he was - it gives him a personality. "He added that the medal was not just something that belonged to his grandfather, but was "evidence of his service to his country.
It is the first time that a non-premium brand has come first in the annual study by consultancy J.D. Power. The survey of more than 80,000 car buyers found that Kia had the fewest problems in the first 90 days, followed by Porsche, Hyundai, Toyota and BMW.Worst performers were Daimler's Smart, Fiat, Volvo, Land Rover and Mini. In the ranking of 33 cars brands, 21 saw an improvement over the past year. The study also showed that for only the second time in the past 30 years, US brands received better marks collectively than foreign cars. J.D. Power said that in past years, electronic features such as Bluetooth, voice recognition and touch screens had often been prone to glitches dragging down the results and that this year carmakers had managed to improve their reliability. Together with its affiliate Hyundai Motor, Kia is the world's fifth largest automaker by sales.
The US investment bank will switch to video interviews with first-round undergraduate candidates from next month. Each year the bank hires about 2,500 students as both summer and full-time analysts. Goldman hoped the move will allow it to find students who do not attend top-tier US universities. Edith Cooper, Goldman's global head of human capital management said: "We want to hire not just the economics or business undergraduate but there is that pure liberal arts or history major that could be the next Lloyd Blankfein. "Mr Blankfein, the bank's chief executive, went to Rutgers, an institution that is not part of the elite group of US universities known as the Ivy League. Chief operating officer Gary Cohn went to the American University, also outside the Ivy League. Goldman recruits from 400 colleges and universities globally and 225 in the US.The bank will still have a presence on college campuses, but planned to use it promote other opportunities.  It will still conduct second-round interviews in person. The shift will not affect business schools or professional hires, but is part of a broader move by Goldman to use technology in the hiring process. The new method will include structured interviews, which the bank said will allow for greater comparisons between candidates and "more objective and informed hiring decisions". Goldman is also experimenting with personality questionnaires, which it feels may help to predict how successful a person will be at the firm.
Labour MP for Bassetlaw, John Mann, a Leave campaigner, said people voted to leave because of immigration, zero-hour contracts and job prospects and said a "divide in Britain" had been exposed. Mansfield voted most strongly to leave, with 70. 9% backing Brexit. Rushcliffe, which includes the towns of West Bridgford and Bingham, was the only area to vote for Remain. It saw the East Midland's highest turnout. Meanwhile, the turnout in Nottingham was the fifth lowest in the UK at 61. 8%. Leave won by a tiny margin of just over 2,000 votes in the city. Mr Mann said his party was "somewhat out of touch". "With the middle classes largely voting remain because they see it as benefiting them and the working classes largely voting to leave because it dis-benefits them - that's the divide in Britain," he said. Latest reaction and updates from NottinghamshireLike large parts of England, Nottinghamshire overwhelmingly voted to leave the European Union. The margin of victory in Bassetlaw, Ashfield and Mansfield was huge, with less than a third of people voting remain. Arguably the biggest surprise came in Nottingham, which narrowly backed Brexit. Affluent Rushcliffe was the only area to vote Remain. Overall Nottinghamshire voted 57. 9% for Leave and 42. 1% for Remain. Conservative Anna Soubry, the MP for Broxtowe and a Remain campaigner, tweeted it was "a dreadful decision". "People like me were told you're scaremongering, we don't want to listen to the experts," she said. "All that has been unfortunately proved to be accurate.  We have made a very, very, very bad mistake. "Labour MP for Nottingham North, Graham Allen, said David Cameron had "gambled with Britain's future" by calling for a referendum, saying people voted to leave "in protest" at the current government. Turnout was 81. 5% in Rushcliffe - the highest in the East Midlands and the only council area to vote Remain. The vote was close elsewhere, including in Nottingham, where the split was 50. 8% Leave, 49. 2% Remain. Alice, a caller to BBC Radio Nottingham from the Carrington area of the city, said she felt "frightened of the future". "It potentially gives a mandate for a lot of prejudice against people who have immigrated here, whether from the EU or elsewhere," she said.
Petersen was still there at the close on 105, with captain Steven Croft on 34, as the Division One leaders ground out 298-3 from 96 overs in the day. Teenager Haseeb Hameed fell 11 short of a second successive Championship ton on 89, while Luke Procter made 45. But the unbroken century stand between Petersen and Croft put Lancs on top. Having so far put on exactly 100, they will resume on Monday with a third batting bonus point looking a formality - and 14 overs to get a fourth. But, if they maintain their current pace of scoring, the Division One leaders will not reach 400 by the time the all-important 110-over mark is reached. Hameed followed up his maiden first-class hundred against Warwickshire at Old Trafford last week by taking almost five hours over his 89. But it was surpassed by the 41st hundred of 35-year-old South African Test player Petersen's first-class career. Lancashire cricket director and head coach Ashley Giles told BBC Radio Manchester:"We weren't quite sure what to do when we first turned up this morning.  The pitch had a green tinge to it but in the end we decided to toss up and to opt to bat. "We knew that pitches at Lord's have been good in recent times so we went with that, and it worked out well for us. "Both Alviro Petersen and Haseeb Hameed batted extremely well.  We are very lucky to have a number of youngsters who have come into the team and are performing well but we also need our senior players to pull their weight and Alviro did that. "We did not expect to be leading the First Division at this stage ,but there is a long way to go.
The 32-year-old joined the National League side following his release by the Cumbrians at the end of last season after a two-year spell. Sweeney, who is originally from Stockton-on-Tees, spent 13 years at Hartlepool, making 444 appearances. "It obviously was a factor," Sweeney said of the region's appeal. "I've got a young family at home, but it wasn't the be all and end all.  I was quite happy to move away if needs be but luckily enough I didn't have to. "Everything fell into place here and I'm quite confident we'll have a decent season and it'll prove a good move. "Sweeney was manager Neil Aspin's sixth addition this summer, which has now risen to 13 following the addition of left-back George Smith. Chairman Richard Bennett who along with wife Julie took over the club in May 2015, have targeted the Football League and maintained the club's full-time status. "It's always been a club - with me being from the North East - that I've looked out for on the results and followed," Sweeney added. "I sat down with them and he [Bennett] discussed the plans he wanted to do and they matched my own ambitions, which I've made no bones about. "I still feel I can contribute in league football and hopefully that will be with Gateshead. "The Tynesiders began their pre-season training on Wednesday as they look to push for promotion to the English Football League for the first time in the club's history. Sweeney, who spent his entire career playing in the Football League, says success in non-league can be transfer to the higher tiers of the English football pyramid, as Crawley, Stevenage and Fleetwood Town have previously shown. "Its momentum, it's all about momentum", admitted Sweeney. "If you can get out of this league, I'm not sure there's a great deal of difference between League Two and the National League. "So if you've got that momentum and you go into that league, you can carry that on quite easily.
The 35-year-old former West Ham and Derby man was approaching the end of his contract at the club. Bywater, whose previous clubs include Millwall and Sheffield Wednesday, has not played for the Brewers since signing on a free transfer from Doncaster in January. But he will continue to act as cover for first-choice keeper Jon McLaughlin. "It's great news that Stephen is staying," Burton manager Nigel Clough told the club website. "He works very well with Jon McLaughlin, providing us with experienced cover, and has been a very positive presence around the club since joining.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceLong's 170kg lift with his last attempt in the clean and jerk saw him grab gold from London 2012 champion Om Yun-Chol of North Korea, who lifted 303kg. Thailand's Sinphet Kruaithong took the bronze medal at the Riocentro Pavilion 2 with 289kg. In the snatch segment, Beijing 2008 winner Long matched the 16-year-old Olympic record of 137kg. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
The quartet of Allison Schmitt, Leah Smith, Maya Dirado and Ledecky won in a time of seven minutes 43. 03 seconds, with Australia second and Canada third. America trailed Australia but Ledecky, the 200m and 400m freestyle champion, overtook Tamsin Cook on the last leg. Find out how to get into swimming with our special guide. Ledecky, 19, has now won four Olympic gold medals during her career. Her first Olympic gold came when she won the 800m title as a 15-year-old at London 2012. Ledecky will attempt to complete the sweep when she goes in the 800m heats on Thursday, with the final taking place on Friday. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Ma, 27, becomes only the fifth man to have won singles titles at the World Championships, World Cup and Olympics. With defending champion Zhang taking silver, China have claimed nine of the last 12 Olympic men's singles medals. Japan's world number six Jun Mizutani beat Belarusian Vladimir Samsonov 4-1 in the bronze medal match. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe world champions, who won Britain's first gold of the London Games in 2012, led from the start as they finished 1. 2 seconds clear of New Zealand in a time of seven minutes 18. 29 seconds. Denmark finished third to take bronze. It was Great Britain's 17th medal of the Games and moved them up to fourth in the table, ahead of Australia. Watch: TV wildlife presenter Steve Backshall breaks down in tears as fiance Helen Glover takes goldBritain's 18th medal came just 20 minutes later as Alex Gregory, George Nash, Moe Sbihi and Constantine Louloudis took victory in the men's four. Glover and Stanning are now unbeaten in 39 races, a run that stretches back five years. They became the first British female rowers to win an Olympic title when they won four years ago, but Stanning said Friday's victory in Rio eclipsed their London success. "This means so much more," she said.  "We have been so emotional this week and it means so much to us. "Glover added: "The pressure was immense.  London was a home games and there was nothing more special but this is defending a title - it means so much. "Find out how to get into rowing with our special guide. Glover and Stanning dominated from the start, building up a 3. 58s lead at the halfway mark. New Zealand surged late on but the Britons had enough in hand to take victory. "I think they had another gear," said retired rower Sir Steve Redgrave, who won gold medals at five consecutive Olympic Games. "It is difficult to repeat what they did four years ago when they had a big lead because you have to keep going through the motions of it. "Singer Pixie Lott: Yessssss golden girls!!!! You're amazingBBC presenter Dan Walker: Glover and Stanning have ripped this race to bits.  What a performance.  Solid gold. . .  againFormer world and European champion rower Polly Swann Amazing job by @Helenglovergb and Heather! So commanding.  Double Olympic champions has a nice ring to it! Well done girls.
Media playback is not supported on this devicePage, 25, was beaten to gold by 0. 425 points as Canada's Rosannagh MacLennan won a second successive Olympic title with a score of 56. 465. World champion Li Dan of China took bronze, while another Briton, Katherine Driscoll, came sixth. "I can't believe I've won an Olympic medal," said Page, from Huntingdon.  "I'm just so happy. "Find out how to get into gymnastics with our special guide. "I had no idea it was a medal but my performance was the best I could have done.  That is why I was so happy, that all the training and hard work had paid off. "I am so happy I got to share the final with Kat. "Prior to winning Olympic silver, Page's highest career finish in an international event was fifth at the 2015 World Championships in Denmark. Trampoline made its Olympic debut in 2000 and this is the first time British women have reached the final. Media playback is not supported on this deviceSubscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceMa Long, Jike Zhang and Xu Xin defeated the Japanese trio of Koki Niwa, Jun Mizutani and Maharu Yoshimura 3-1. China won all four table tennis golds available in Rio to take their total to 28 from the 32 available since table tennis' first Olympic appearance in Seoul in 1988. Germany beat South Korea 3-1 to take the bronze medal.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceEllis and Langridge beat the world number five pair 21-18 19-21 21-10. The pair performed above their world ranking of 22nd to reach Tuesday's semi-final, losing to fourth seeds Fu Haifeng and Zhang Nan of China. Langridge said: "When we got to 14-7 in the last game, I thought: 'We might win this! We are going to win this!'"He added: "Luckily Marcus was quite calm, which helped a lot. "In a dramatic finale, a review on the final point was required to seal the victory. "I can't even describe how I felt after we saw that," said Ellis. "This is an incredible feeling.  After how we performed in our very first match, we knew we could compete with anybody. "Team GB have now won 52 medals in Rio. Olympic silver medallist Gail Emms immediately tweeted her congratulations to the pair. Find out how to get into badminton with our special guide. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceAlmaz, 24, had won the 10,000m in world record time last week and had been expected to complete the 10,000m and 5,000m double. But she was overhauled by Cheruiyot, 32, and her Kenyan compatriot Hellen Onsando Obiri, 26, who took silver. Cheruiyot set an Olympic record time of 14 minutes 26. 17 seconds.  Britain's Eilish McColgan was 13th in 15:12. 09. "It's my fourth Olympics and I hadn't had gold.  Today I said 'I am not going to lose'," said Cheruiyot, who was runner-up to Almaz in the 10,000m in Rio and the London 2012 5,000m silver medallist. McColgan said: "Yes, I'm actually disappointed although it's good that I am disappointed.  At the start of the year if someone had said that, I would have taken it. "Looking at the other girls' personal bests I thought that I should be around the top eight and to come 13th, I'm really disappointed.  I'm in better shape than that. "To go and run 15:12, I don't think I've done myself justice but it was good experience and that burst of pace, I'm not used to doing it and I need to mentally get ready for it.  "Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceIn an error-strewn display, the 2012 bronze medallist needed 102 points from his closing dive to reach the final. However, he managed only 50. 40 to finish in last place with 403. 25 - well short of the personal best of 571. 85 he set in Friday's preliminary round. "It's really hard to accept.  I've worked so hard," said Daley, 22. "Yesterday I scored the highest score ever in an Olympic Games.  Today it wasn't meant to be.  That's what diving does sometimes. "I truly am heartbroken because I feel like I am in the peak physical condition and I could have won. "British Diving performance director Alexei Evangulov had said Daley was "in the best shape and best form of his career" before the Olympics. Daley, who won a bronze medal in the 10m synchronised platform with Dan Goodfellow, suggested he would compete again in Tokyo in 2020. "I'm so happy with how GB have done, so proud to be part of it and I wanted to be able to stand on top of that podium, so it will be another four years' hard work," he said. Media playback is not supported on this deviceChina's Chen Aisen, 20, claimed his second gold of the Games by winning the final, which took place later on Saturday. Chen, who also won the 10m synchro alongside Lin Yue, scored 585. 30 points to finish ahead of Mexico's German Sanchez (532. 70) and defending champion David Boudia of the United States (525. 25). Media playback is not supported on this deviceSubscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
But it has perhaps been more like Pinter than Shakespeare. The menacing silences, the bullying over polite exchanges, the brutal quest for dominance as self-confidence drains from one man to another. So here is a cut-out-and-keep guide for any budding dramatist on what we know and what I've found out. The day of the referendum. I'm told Michael Gove and Boris Johnson go to bed with only one speech prepared - to acknowledge defeat. 04:45 BSTA mobile phone rings in the Gove household. His wife, Sarah Vine - as she explained in her Daily Mail column - hears her husband's phone go off. Then this exchange. "Michael, guess what? We've won!""Gosh. "She wrote in her column: "Given Michael's high-profile role in the Leave campaign, that means he - we - are now charged with implementing the instructions of 17 million people. "And that is an awesome responsibility. "As the mobile phones go mad: "'You were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off,' I said, in my best (ie not very good) Michael Caine Italian Job accent. "In other words, you've really torn it now. "The tear widens as David Cameron resigns. Boris Johnson was at home with a small team, watching the prime minister resign live on TV.Victory, one insider said, was the moment it all went wrong. Another told me Boris felt he was staring down both barrels of a gun.  He had rather a nice life - did he really want to be PM?Watching the prime minister resign, Team Boris think Gove, who'd been talking to Osborne, might come on board. Then pretty much public silence from the man who hoped to be prime minister. Cut to a close-up of the thwack of willow on leather - Boris at the wicket of a rather posh, rather jolly, cricket match. Then an apparently quite amusing barbecue at his country house. Michael Gove joined him - and said that together they were the dream team.  He was promised he'd become chancellor and be in charge of Brexit negotiations. But had the Tory establishment decided, as one insider told me, they did not want another Old Etonian - another face from that Bullingdon Club photo - as their leader in an anti-elitist age?Did someone urge Gove to sign up with the intention of doing the indecent thing?MorningPlease, no clichÃ©s of the spinning presses. However, Boris Johnson's Daily Telegraph column is the next scene. "It is said that those who voted Leave were mainly driven by anxieties about immigration," he writes. "I do not believe that is so. . .  British people will still be able to go and work in the EU; to live; to travel; to study; to buy homes; and to settle down. "Was this the turning point? Too soft, too un-Brexity, for Michael Gove?Hardly.  He had sent an email at 18:00 on Sunday urging only minor changes and describing it as "very, very good. "17:00 BSTGove is shown the spreadsheet of MPs supporting Boris. One source told me that early in a leadership election all that matters is numbers.  You need to pull in the left, the right, young, old, Leave, Remain. MorningA meeting at the Park Lane offices of the Australian super-strategist Sir Lynton Crosby. Team Boris are surprised by the appearance of Gove's youthful eminence grise, Dominic Cummings.  His exclusion has already been demanded. Then comes the first pubic hint of unease. An e-mail from Vine to her husband Gove finds its way to journalists. "One simple message: you MUST have SPECIFIC assurances from Boris OTHERWISE you cannot guarantee your support," it says. She tells him: "Do not concede any ground.  Be your stubborn best. "Adding: "The details can be worked out later on, but without that you have no leverage. "Crucially, the membership will not have the necessary reassurance to back Boris, neither will Dacre/Murdoch (the editor of the Daily Mail and News International boss respectively), who instinctively dislike Boris but trust your ability enough to support a Boris/Gove ticket. "Speaking in London, Rupert Murdoch says he'd be "happy for Michael Gove to get it" and describes him as "the most principled and most able" candidate available. 18:00 BSTTeam Boris say they have 63 MPs solidly backing them. MorningThe critical day. 10 Greycoat Place, near London's Victoria station, is established as the Johnson/Gove HQ.18:00 BSTTeam Boris report they have 97 MPs "locked in solid". 19:00 BSTBoris goes to a Conservative MPs' party at Westminster. There are suggestions from Gove's side that Boris bungles this and support is draining away. In particular they claim he forgets a letter promising rising star Andrea Leadsom she can become chancellor as price for her support. Team Boris say this is nonsense, and Gove had already been promised this job. Team Gove say she could have had deputy prime minister.  But for them it crystallises something. Gove begins to think Boris is too cavalier and unfocused - an unguided missile. 20:00 BSTBoris joins Gove and the prime minister at a party at the Hurlingham Club. Was it the scene of more intrigue? Do we see Michael Gove glad-handing, plotting, building support?Is he being lobbied? Or does he seem a distracted, lonely figure? The prime minister is there.  Do they talk?I'm told by an eyewitness at another party - held during the referendum - that Sarah Vine went up to the prime minister and said: "Are we OK?"He apparently hissed: "If you just get your husband off the telly, we'll be fine. "My source said: "Everyone just rocked back - it was quite public. "22:00 BSTBoris leaves with a key member of Team Gove to write his speech - the most of important of his life. His pitch to become prime minister. Around midnightThe Team Gove member takes a series of phone calls.  He then makes his excuses and leaves. Gove tries to speak to Chancellor George Osborne, but can't get through. 08:00 BSTDominic Raab has written in the Sun, backing Boris for PM.He says the former London mayor has got the "'Heineken effect', that refreshes the parts that more conventional politicians cannot reach". But cancels a planned interview on the Today programme. 08:00 BSTGove formally tells his team he is going to run. 08:35 BSTThe team at Greycoat Place get a call from a journalist telling them Gove is jumping ship. "Rubbish," they tell her. 08:40 BSTThey listen in horror as Sir Lynton Crosby takes a call from Gove, telling him he's running. "I felt kicked in the stomach, it's nasty stuff.  Gove is deeply ambitious and he was persuaded he didn't need Boris.  It could be him.  It was all about power," says one insider. 11:25 BSTMoments before Boris is about to go on stage, his small team decides he can't run. 11:50 BSTBoris Johnson announces he will not stand for the Tory leadership. AfternoonTeam Boris are beside themselves with fury. One sends a text message to the Sun's political editor Tom Newton Dunn. It describes Gove in colourful language, adding that he had "set this up from start". "This is going to be bloody," it adds. Another emails of Gove: "He is actually Theon Greyjoy, or will be by the time I am finished with him. "If you don't follow Game of Thrones - that political drama with added dragons - Theon is tortured, castrated, and tortured again, until he is barely human. Politics makes such good drama because it is about the lust for power, driving ambition, the balance between cynicism and belief. It is about when to strike - brutal and quick - and when to stay the hand. But it is also about personality, about an inner life and inner doubts that haunt us all. It is about self-confidence and the need for love. Never more so than in this drama. Many feel it was about Boris's need to be loved that drove him to Brexit as much as ambition. His team were clearly delighted that passing taxi drivers shouted "Oi, Boris" with amused approval. But he didn't like the abuse he was now getting travelling around London after the referendum. His calculation had probably been that he would be applauded by the crowd; loved by the party as a good loser who chose the side that lost; in pole position for a big job in David Cameron's next cabinet - and then perhaps an even bigger one. He perhaps hadn't thought through whether he was really up for it - or up to it. He was never truly clubbable, never a House of Commons man, cultivating friendships. Like the Earl of Essex he "veil his bonnet to an oyster wife, and with a kind of humble conge (bow) greet, the vulgar sort that did admire his life" (anon). Essex too forgot the establishment - the Palace, the Court - carried the power of execution. Johnson's camp portrays Gove as the ultimate Machiavellian villain, driven by an ambitious wife, and adviser, plotting from within to destroy one close ally and then another, climbing the greasy pole with the hand grips of treachery and betrayal. They say that is foolish, because Gove was always the anchor, and it was always a negotiation, a deal - simply one that didn't come off. Perhaps Gove would prefer a softer version of betrayal, with him as Shakespeare's Prince Hal, shaking off Falstaff and his amusing but ultimately childish ways as he grew to power. It was all too hasty, thinks one insider, in sorrow not anger - they were all pushed over the edge by the speed of events. But don't mistake the fury.  There will be another act.  I am told: "This isn't over.  Gove did need Boris.  And Boris hasn't spoken yet.
The 32-year-old Dane spent the second half of last season on loan at the Lilywhites where he made 14 outings. Lindegaard made 29 appearances for Manchester United over five years before his move to the Baggies. "I'm really happy that things have fallen into place before we get closer to the season," he said. "It was a very easy decision.  I could have gone to several other clubs in England but it was a no brainer, I wanted to stay here. "Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Saunders, working in France as a pundit for the BBC, left his car in a short stay area at Birmingham Airport thinking Wales would go out early. But they have reached the semi-finals and Saunders said he expected to see his parking charges rise to Â£1,000. The airport said on Twitter that if Wales win the tournament, it would "waive his parking fee". Wales came from a goal down to beat Belgium 3-1 on Friday and reach the semi-finals of a major tournament for the first time. Captain Ashley Williams equalised, before Hal Robson-Kanu, a striker without a club, gave them the lead and substitute Sam Vokes added a third to set up a last-four clash against Portugal on Wednesday. Saunders, who won 75 Wales caps and whose former clubs include Liverpool and Aston Villa, also said he was running out of clean clothes.
Twenty hostages, most of them foreign, were killed when Islamist militants stormed a cafe in the capital, Dhaka. Two police officers also died and 30 were injured.  After a 12-hour siege, commandos rescued 13 people. The so-called Islamic State (IS) group said it was behind the attack but the government has denied this. Bangladesh's home minister said on Sunday that the attackers belonged to a local militant group which has been banned for more than a decade. "They are members of the Jamaeytul Mujahdeen Bangladesh (JMB)," Asaduzzaman Khan said.  "They have no connections with the Islamic State. "Mr Khan said the men made no demands during the attack. He said three of the gunmen were under 22 and had been missing for six months. Police chief Shahidul Hoque made some of the men's first names public: Akash, Bikash, Don, Bandhon and Ripon. Bangladesh at crossroads as violence hitsIs extremism on the rise in Bangladesh?Six attackers were killed in the raid on the Holey Artisan cafe in the Gulshan neighbourhood.  A seventh man was arrested and is still being questioned.  It is not yet clear what involvement he had in the attack. IS had earlier released photographs of the alleged attackers posing in front of a black IS flag. The men were said to belong to well-to-do local families.  They studied in private schools and universities, not in Islamic seminaries or madrassas, where many Islamist militant groups are thought to draw recruits. Social media has been buzzing with former classmates who have recognised some of the attackers from their pictures, says the BBC's Sanjoy Majumder in Dhaka. Bangladesh has declared two days of national mourning. Nine Italians, seven Japanese, one US citizen and an Indian were among the dead.  One Italian is unaccounted for. The JMB group has been blamed for a wave of small-scale terrorism attacks in Bangladesh over the past year, including the killings of secular bloggers, atheists and an LGBT rights campaigner. Its top two leaders were arrested and executed in 2008, after near-simultaneous bomb attacks in all the country's 64 districts. Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has consistently denied that IS has made inroads in to Bangladesh.
Moments after Chris Evans announced he was stepping down as a presenter on Top Gear, Twitter users took to social media to comment about the number of recent high-profile resignations in politics and sport. The writer Will Black started the hashtag #SuggestAJobForFarage after Nigel Farage stepped down as UKIP leader on Monday morning. So it was probably inevitable that the Top Gear presenter's vacancy was among the job opportunities suggested on social media for Mr Farage. Others thought another political figure should be considered for the post, although Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is not considering any new career opportunities. As social media bets were placed on who should take up Evans's now vacant post, some Twitter users suggested Boris Johnson as a possible replacement. While others thought there was only one man for the job.  @RobertRobmurphy tweeted: "Bring back Jeremy Clarkson. "Another Twitter user suggested Matt Le Blanc's co-star in Friends should join him on the show.  @_EveStarks posted: "Really hope they replace Chris Evans with Matthew Perry so the Friends bromance can continue. "Channel 4 News presenter Jon Snow threw his hat into the ring. And there were some rank outsiders for the position.
The cloning of the first animal from an adult cell was a remarkable scientific achievement.  It promised new treatments for debilitating diseases.  But it also raised fears of cloned human beings, designer babies and a dystopian future. Twenty years on, neither the hopes nor the fears have been realised.  So what is Dolly's legacy?I first saw Dolly in 1997 at the Roslin Institute just outside Edinburgh.  She stood apart from the other sheep in the pens at this agricultural research centre.  She stood prouder, her fleece seemed like a lion's mane and there was an aura about her. Dolly's creation had echoes of Mary Shelley's classic novel Frankenstein, in which inanimate tissue was brought to life by electricity. Dolly was created from DNA taken from a cell taken from an sheep.  The technique involved putting the DNA into an empty eggshell and then zapping it with electricity.  This created an embryo. Researchers at Roslin then implanted the embryo into the womb of a sheep which grew into Dolly - an exact genetic copy of the sheep from which the skin cell was taken. It took 277 attempts to clone Dolly and there were many miscarriages on the way. There were also genuine concerns that it would not be long before cloned humans would be walking the Earth - people would try to clone themselves to achieve a kind of immortality or they might try to resurrect a beloved dead relative. The airwaves were filled with conversations about what it meant to be human, whether the clones would be exactly the same as the person from which they were cloned and what kind of world the scientists were tumbling us into. When I met the researchers at Roslin they were acutely aware of public suspicion.  And they knew it was important to be clear, open and honest about their work.  Dolly's creator, Prof Sir Ian Wilmut, could not be any more different from fictional scientists such as Dr Frankenstein or indeed Dr Moreau, who developed human-like hybrids in a story by HG Wells. By contrast, Prof Wilmut is a quietly-spoken man whose motivation was to improve animal welfare and human health.  This bespectacled scientist with his gentle candour was ideally complemented by the enthusiastic and eloquent Dr Simon Best, who was brought in to commercialise the technology to improve human health. A former manager of the early 1980s pop group The Human League turned biotechnology pioneer, Prof Best knew how to sell a good story and do so with panache. Between them they quickly changed the narrative from that of a nightmare future to one in which cloning was used to treat many incurable diseases.  Prof Wilmut and Dr Best promoted the term "therapeutic cloning". Their vision was to develop treatments for heart disease, Parkinson's Disease and rheumatism by taking cells from patients and using cloning technology to create healthy tissues which could then be transplanted to heal their damaged cells. This raised further concerns from some church and anti-abortion groups, who were concerned that the process involved the creation, and then destruction, of human embryos.  They wanted the technology banned but, following strong lobbying by the medical research community, parliament permitted therapeutic cloning but banned the cloning of human beings. Since then, the much hoped-for benefits from therapeutic cloning have not emerged.  Some groups in the UK are cloning tissues from patients to study diseases and test drugs.  But no so-called cell-replacement treatments have yet been developed. However, important scientific breakthroughs can - and usually do - take time to have an impact. Dolly's legacy is to show scientists that animal cells can be reprogrammed.  They can be rejuvenated and redirected to form any cell in the human body.  Scientists may not have reaped the clinical benefits just yet but, at a stroke, Dolly's birth changed scientific thinking forever. It is hard to imagine how this incredible biological insight won't alter the world fundamentally and in ways we have yet to imagine.
Chase signed for Tigers until the end of the season on Saturday, having left Championship side Leigh in May. The 30-year-old played for Tigers between 2009 and 2013, before leaving to join Salford Red Devils. "I'm not match fit because I've had some time off, but mentally I'm in the best shape I've ever been," he said. "Physically I've got a bit of work to do but you can get through anything if you're mentally right.  There's some hard work to do, I'm aware of that, but I'm looking forward to it. "Chase also praised the Rugby Football League (RFL) for the support they offer players who are struggling with mental health-related issues. "It's massive and it's a credit to the RFL that they touch on it because a lot of the boys struggle with it," Chase said. "People should be aware of it because a lot of us boys have to go through a lot of things and we put on this bravado that we're OK. It's not something that people like talking openly about because you feel weak and vulnerable. "But really we go home and we feel alone.  It's good to get the message out there that it does happen in our game, a lot of people do suffer from depression. "When you are in that dark place, you feel weak and vulnerable, you just have a lot of down days and it's not nice.  But when you come through it, it's an unbelievable feeling.  You feel strong.
Guthrie, who scored 12 goals last season as the National League club lost to Grimsby in the promotion final at Wembley, has signed a two-year deal. The Jersey-born 23-year-old previously played for Accrington Stanley, Southport, Bath City and Welling. Meanwhile, U's defenders Tom Eastman, 24, and Jamie Harney, 20, have signed new one-year contracts. Former Ipswich trainee Eastman has made 197 appearances since joining Colchester in 2011. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Media playback is not supported on this device"Great to be here," he offered in a slightly less Americanised accent than I expected.  "Raining as always. ""I can't wait to play this week," he enthused to the assembled journalists.  "I've been looking forward to this for a long time, probably four or five years to be honest. "So have we Russell. It's exciting, even for battle weary Scottish journalists, to see someone performing at the top of their game on a world stage with the potential to go further. That's not beyond Knox and the next two weeks provide the perfect platform for him to deliver further on his potential and achieve many of his dreams. Victory at the this week's Scottish Open in his home town of Inverness would certainly be one.  That would push him right up the list for Ryder Cup qualification.  Then there's the matter of next week's Open at Troon. Currently 27th in the world rankings, 131 places above the nearest Scot, Richie Ramsay, Knox is Scotland's best hope to at least fight for these trophies. He is a contender in most tournaments these days, primarily on the PGA Tour, and for a place in Darren Clarke's Ryder Cup team. As his star rises, Knox remains adamant that playing in front of an expectant home crowd over the next two weeks won't be a hindrance, despite heightened expectation. His demeanour backs that up.  He seems philosophical - what will be, will be. "It adds a little bit of pressure," he said.  "We're used to it, every week you've got pressure.  I put a lot of pressure on myself every time I play so I don't really feel added pressure. "I've been wanting to do this my whole life.  I've been wanting to play on the PGA tour, European Tour, all the majors and hey, it's starting to happen. "I've been wanting to win tournaments, be in the top 20, 10 in the world, see how high I can get. "This is what I've been dreaming my whole life.  I'm not sure if you're ever really ready for it but you've just got to do your best and go for it. "There's a wider goal for Knox than doing well in his home country, or even achieving a dream Ryder Cup place. Getting into the top 20 or 30 players in the world is tremendously hard.  Staying there is just as difficult, if not more challenging, and plenty of players have been there and fallen away. "Of course the goal is to stay inside the top 50 but you have to play well to do that," said Knox. "It's so hard to stay there.  To be honest I don't know how I'm going to do.  I could quite easily move forward or quite easily move back. "That's the hard thing about golf.  It's such a hard game.  One week you feel like you can hit any shot, then up comes a week like last week when you're like 'Am I even good enough to play golf?' I feel like I can keep improving. "Luke Donald addressed us shortly before Knox's arrival.  He won this tournament at Castle Stuart in a rain-shortened Scottish Open in 2011, when he was the top-ranked golfer on the planet. He is now 83rd in the world and struggles to get anywhere near the form he showed so consistently. "Luke is a great player, and he's just one example of someone who has been at the top and slipped down," said Knox.  "He's still a great player. "It's so hard to stay there and this is really my first go at trying to stay there and trying to move up. "Such awareness can only be a positive for Knox and perhaps helps to keep his head on the ground despite his success. "The whole journey's been crazy the last couple of years.  I just hope I never wake up and it keeps going. "Victory here at home could be the launchpad for his life to get even crazier.
It says increases will be needed if current trends in teacher recruitment and retention continue. Nevertheless, the STRB has recommended a pay rise of just 1% for teachers in England and Wales from this September. The rise applies to all leadership and teacher pay ranges and to allowances. Teachers' unions expressed disappointment at the 1% rise, saying it would do nothing to ease recruitment and retention issues. The STRB report said: "For September 2016 we [. . . ] recommend a 1% uplift to the minima and maxima of all classroom teacher pay ranges and leadership pay  ranges in the national pay framework, and to classroom teacher allowances. "But it went on to warn of a need for higher teacher salaries in the future. "However, if current recruitment and retention trends continue, we expect an uplift to the pay framework significantly higher than 1% will be required in the course of this Parliament, to ensure an adequate supply of good teachers for schools in England and Wales," it said. "Accordingly, we recommend the department and our consultees take steps to help schools prepare for such an eventuality. "Given the budgetary context, this will require school leaders and governing bodies to be confident in both managing their workforce and in setting pay policies which enable differentiated performance-based awards to individuals, such that teachers and leaders can be appropriately rewarded within the available budget. "A spokeswoman for the Department for Education said: "The STRB is clear this is subject to the recruitment and retention evidence that the government is able to produce in relation to a future remit. "At a national level we are retaining and recruiting the teachers we need with 15,000 more teachers in our classrooms than in 2010, and the number joining the profession outnumbering those who retire or leave. "We recognised the recruitment challenges provided by a growing economy and regional demands and are investing over Â£1. 3bn up to 2020 to attract new teachers into the profession. "But teachers' unions expressed dismay at the recommended 1% increase and accused the government of limiting teachers' pay. Chris Keates, general secretary of the NASUWT union, accused a "hostile government" of "unnecessary and unjust pay restraint". "Had the review body not been constrained by the arbitrary pay cap imposed by the government, there is no doubt that it would have been recommending a pay uplift higher than 1% for teachers," said Ms Keates. Malcolm Trobe, interim general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders, said: "The publication of this report and the Secretary of State's response are extremely late, having been delayed by government 'purdah' periods for the London mayoral election and the EU referendum. "This has left schools and teachers uncertain for far too long about the critical issue of pay awards. "Even more disappointing, however, is that these pay awards are once again limited to an uplift of 1% when we are in the midst of a teacher recruitment crisis. "Furthermore, schools are expected to fund these awards without any additional funding from the government at a time when budgets are under severe strain because of real-terms reductions. "Kevin Courtney, acting general secretary of the National Union of Teachers said: "The STRB, unlike the government, has recognised the mounting crisis in recruitment and retention. "The NUT is hugely disappointed that the STRB decided to accept the 1% pay limit this year but strongly supports the STRB's view that the government must urgently find more money for schools to allow them to employ more and better-paid teachers. "Dr Mary Bousted, general secretary of the Association of Teachers and Lecturers, said: "ATL welcomes the STRB's report which couldn't be clearer: there are increasing challenges in teacher recruitment and retention, and the Chancellor's imposed public sector pay limit of 1% is contributing to this. "The next Prime Minister, their Chancellor and Secretary of State for Education must take heed of the review body's call for a future uplift 'significantly higher' than 1% to address teacher recruitment and retention, improve teachers' working lives, and save the next generation's education. "The STRB provides independent advice to the Prime Minister and Secretary of State for Education on school teachers' pay and conditions in England and Wales. Its latest recommendations come a day after thousands of lessons were cancelled across England because of a one-day strike by the National Union of Teachers.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceHow did their players rate in the biggest match in the history of Welsh football?Coped well with Portugal's early flurry of crosses but was powerless to deny Cristiano Ronaldo for Portugal's opening goal.  The Crystal Palace player was unfortunate to be wrong-footed by Nani's deflection for the second goal. Watchful against the threat of Ronaldo cutting inside from Portugal's left, the Reading defender was kept busy by the likes of Renato Sanches and Nani and struggled to influence the game in attack. Switched to the left side of Wales' three centre-backs in Ben Davies' absence, the West Brom man timed his advances well to make interceptions.  Beaten by Ronaldo for Portugal's opening goal but won a team-high eight aerial duels. Made some strong early challenges, particularly on Cristiano Ronaldo, to assert his authority on the game.  The Swansea City skipper led by example, winning 100% of his 50-50 contests with Portugal players. Making his first international start since March 2015, he competed well in the air as Portugal sought to make the most of Ronaldo's aerial prowess.  Wales might have missed Ben Davies' distribution but his replacement was solid defensively. Like Gunter, kept on the back foot by Portugal's attacking players.  Pushed forward but, when he got into promising positions, struggled to provide quality crosses. An early booking for a foul on Nani made his job of protecting Wales' defence difficult, but still the Liverpool midfielder buzzed around with intent.  Typically sound in possession but not as influential as he has been earlier in the tournament. Showed imagination with a low corner which led to a chance for Gareth Bale but had only limited influence in open play before being replaced by Sam Vokes shortly after Portugal's second goal. Made some characteristic runs into the Portugal penalty area but could not make the crucial connections.  Forced deeper as Portugal's midfield gained control in the second half, the Leicester Premier League winner had to curb his attacking instincts. Trademark runs from deep and at a startling pace had Portugal's defenders backtracking in the first half but his influence waned in the second period.  The Real Madrid forward's audacious long-range shot was Wales' last effort. Brimming with confidence following his stunning goal in the quarter-final win over Belgium, the free agent stretched Portugal's defence with his powerful running.  He was starved of the ball in the second half, however, as the match wore on. Brought on shortly after Wales fell 2-0 behind, the Burnley striker failed to connect meaningfully with any of the crosses which came his way. Did not see much of the ball and, when he did, was not in a position to cause Portugal any problems. Tried making his usual probing runs between the opponents' midfield and defence but found himself crowded out.
A period of uncertainty over political leadership after the announcement that David Cameron would quit has not made the mandarins' lives any easier.  One familiar and important issue has bubbled up to the surface again - NHS finances. The fraught task of finalising the Department of Health's accounts for the last financial year is close to completion.  Sources indicate it's touch and go as to whether the department kept to its spending limit agreed by parliament for the health service in England. An overspend would be a serious breach of Whitehall protocol and lead to senior officials being hauled over the coals by the National Audit Office. Ministers and the leadership of the NHS in England are determined to demonstrate they have got a grip on the finances.  To that end, a major initiative is planned involving commitments by all trusts in England to stick to agreed spending limits. The regulator, NHS Improvement, under pressure from the government, is straining every sinew to bring down the Â£2. 4bn total deficit racked up by trusts in the last financial year.  Putting finance directors' feet to the fire and extracting pledges to stay on budget has been the priority in recent weeks. The NHS financial announcement is likely next week and could well come on the same day as the publication of the Department of Health accounts.  The government line will be that running up unplanned deficits and risking breaches of limits set by parliament will be no longer acceptable. At a conference organised by the Reform think tank, the Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt talked of the need to "restore financial discipline". He said that trusts should not assume there was a choice between maintaining patient care standards and controlling their finances and that the two were not incompatible.  Mr Hunt argued that the hospital trusts with the best ratings by the Care Quality Commission tended to be those with the lowest deficits. But announcing commitments to prudent spending is one thing, delivering them is another.   Once winter and the second half of the financial year arrives, the pressures will mount. It's hard to see what sanctions can be applied to trust managements who feel they have to go over their agreed budgets to meet relentlessly increasing demand for patient care. At some hospital trusts, the inevitable consequence of sticking to agreed spending totals will be longer waiting lists. Looking longer term, the referendum has raised more questions about the sustainability of NHS finances. The head of NHS England, Simon Stevens, has called for politicians from either side of the referendum campaign to ensure that pledges for a better funded NHS made during the campaign are delivered.  But it will be harder to hold out the begging bowl to the Treasury. The Health Foundation think tank has pointed out that the public finances will be under even greater pressure with economists revising down short-term economic growth forecasts in the wake of the Brexit vote. Anita Charlesworth of the Foundation made the point that when the economy sneezes the NHS catches cold and that the service's finances were already "in a truly dire state". Ministers argue that the government has already made a significant commitment to funding above the rate of inflation for the NHS at a time when other parts of Whitehall are being severely squeezed. They say that making better use of resources, through greater efficiency, is well within the capability of most trusts.  But as the NHS celebrates its 68th birthday, the question marks over financial sustainability are perhaps as big as they ever have been. How things will look when the service celebrates its landmark 70th anniversary is anyone's guess.
Damage to to overhead wires meant the line is blocked north of Morpeth. Virgin East Coast, Northern Rail, and Cross Country services were affected, with reports of large queues at Newcastle Central Station. Buses were organised to take passengers between Newcastle and Edinburgh, with people advised to avoid travelling if possible. Services resumed late on Friday.
Cavan boss Terry Hyland recalls Seanie Johnston, Padraig Faulkner, Ciaran Brady and Liam Buchanan for their game against Carlow at Breffni Park. Thomas Mallon, Chrissy McKaigue and Ciaran McFaul return to the Derry team for the tussle with Meath at Owenbeg. Monaghan face Longford at Clones with Fermanagh against Mayo at Castlebar. The Farney County may face a tougher task than Cavan in regrouping from the Ulster semi-final replay defeat last weekend. Longford may have needed extra-time to account for a woefully out-of-form Down at Newry two weeks ago but the Leinster county were full value for their victory. For their part, Monaghan were decidedly second best against Donegal in the provincial semi-final last weekend even though they were only a point behind at the finish. Malachy O'Rourke, who has yet to name his team, has the job of rallying his side after they lost their Ulster title and it may prove no easy task against the Longford side led by inspirational skipper Mickey Quinn. Cavan shipped five goals in their defeat by Tyrone last weekend in an uncharacteristically sloppy defensive display but they should regroup to see off Carlow. The inclusion of Faulkner, Brady, Buchanan and the mercurial Johnston sees James McEnroe, Niall Murray, Martin Reilly and David Givney dropping out. Damian Barton's Derry changes mean that Mickey Conlon, Neil Forrester and Liam McGoldrick drop out of the side that defeated Louth. Meath were not disgraced in their 0-21 to 0-11 Leinster semi-final defeat by Dublin but Derry will still believe that they are capable of overcoming the Royals. James Kielt hit 1-9 in Derry's 1-18 to 2-10 win over Louth three weeks ago and Oak Leaf fans will hope the Kilrea man can have another influential afternoon. The pick of Saturday's six qualifiers is Fermanagh's tussle with Mayo at Castlebar as the home side aim to bounce back from their surprise Connacht semi-final defeat by Galway to see off Pete McGrath's Ernemen. Most pundits are tipping Mayo to keep their All-Ireland title hopes alive but the noises from the Fermanagh camp suggest they are convinced that they can pile more misery on Stephen Rochford's squad. Mayo will also go into the contest minus midfielder Tom Parsons who tore a hamstring in training in midweek while Ger Cafferkey and Jason Gibbons also remain out with Chris Barrett and Conor Loftus also unlikely to feature despite returning to training after injury. In contrast, Fermanagh appear to have no major injury worries, apart from long-term absentee, Ryan McCluskey. Cavan: R Galligan; K Brady, R Dunne, P Faulkner; F Flanagan, C Moynagh, C Brady; T Corr, L Buchanan; D McVeety, G McKiernan, K Clarke; C Mackey, E Keating, S Johnston. Derry: T Mallon; G McKinless, C McKaigue, K McKaigue; C McFaul, B Rogers, C Mullan; C McAtamney, N Holly; D Heavron, C Bradley, E Brown; J Kielt, E McGuckin, M Lynch.
The case had been brought by the Brazilian investment fund DIS, which formerly owned the transfer rights to the 24-year-old forward. The company claimed it was short-changed when Neymar transferred from Brazilian club Santos to Barcelona in 2013. Neymar and his father, who acts as his agent, have both denied any wrongdoing. In a separate case, Barcelona was forced to pay a fine of 5. 5m euros ($6. 1m; Â£4. 7m) last month because of tax irregularities in Neymar's transfer from Santos. Since moving to the Nou Camp, he has won two La Liga titles, two Copa del Rey trophies, the Champions League, the European Super Cup, the Spanish Super Cup and the Club World Cup. At Barcelona, he forms a powerful attacking trio with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez. In a separate case in Barcelona this week, Messi was sentenced to 21 months in jail for tax fraud. The Argentine football great has appealed against the court's ruling.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Scot, 29, dismantled the Raonic serve in a 6-4 7-6 (7-3) 7-6 (7-2) victory to repeat his triumph of 2013 and claim a third Grand Slam title. Murray is the first British man to win multiple Wimbledon singles titles since Fred Perry in 1935. "I'm proud to have my hands on the trophy again," said Murray. Media playback is not supported on this deviceMurray gave a famously tearful speech after losing his first Wimbledon final against Roger Federer in 2012. Twelve months later, he finally ended Britain's 77-year wait for a male champion - and the chance to see him repeat the feat attracted huge attention. Spectators queued overnight just to grab a spot on Henman Hill, while the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and former champions Bjorn Borg, Stefan Edberg and Boris Becker were among those watching from the Royal Box. "This is the most important tournament for me every year," added an emotional Murray. "I've had some great moments here, but also some tough losses.  The win feels extra special because of the tough losses. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceMurray was playing his 11th Grand Slam final and for the first time he was the favourite, having faced either Novak Djokovic or Roger Federer in the previous 10 finals. He appeared to relish the role, ignoring the magnitude of the occasion to claim a sixth successive win over Raonic. The 25-year-old Canadian was making his Grand Slam final debut, helped along the way by John McEnroe, who was in the opposite coaching corner to his old rival Ivan Lendl. Whatever insights those two legends were able to pass on, the final came down, as expected, to a contest between serve and return, with the latter coming out on top. Raonic went into the match with 137 aces, but it took him five games to add a 138th as Murray dialled in early on the return, just as he had in winning their Queen's Club final three weeks ago. A blustery wind on Centre Court was not helping the Raonic serve and he was under pressure early on, seeing off two break points before Murray converted a third to lead 4-3. That was enough to give the Scot the set and he continued to press in the second, earning four chances to break again but finding the net each time. Raonic was unable to respond, failing to conjure up a single break point, but a tie-break offered the Canadian a chance to serve his way back to level terms. Murray was having none of it, taking advantage of a slightly fortuitous early break to surge ahead with some magnificent defence and a rasping backhand winner. At 6-1 down, there was no way back for Raonic - and when Murray clinched his third set point even the implacable Lendl was moved to applaud. An unexpectedly routine contest came to life at the start of the third set when Raonic finally had two break points, only for a fired-up Murray to play his way out of trouble. The world number two pumped his fist and roared in the direction of his player box, and when it came down to another tie-break, Murray again found his very best when it counted. A brilliant backhand winner set him on the way to another 6-1 lead and, with the crowd chanting "Andy! Andy!", he pummelled a forehand into the corner on his second match point that Raonic could only return into the net. In his previous 10 Grand Slam finals, Murray had only won 67% of his first-serve points - but it was a different story against Raonic as he won 87% of the points behind it. He was not afraid to direct the majority of his serves to Raonic's strength, the forehand, and incredibly only lost one point when he did so in the match.  In fact, over the course of both tie-breaks, Murray directed every first serve to the Raonic forehand. The fact Murray was able to hold so comfortably throughout the match - he only faced two break points - meant that he could be ultra aggressive when returning. He was able get 74% of his returns back in play and put pressure on the Raonic serve, which suffered under pressure, especially in the tie-break where the Canadian only won 44% of his service points. Murray's ability to continually return the huge Raonic serve proved key to his victory. The Canadian fired down the biggest serve of the tournament at 147mph, but it was still not enough, the Briton winning the point with a brilliant pass. "He moves incredibly well, he returns well - those are his two biggest strengths, and he's been playing well," said Raonic. "Every time you play him, you know he's going to get more returns back than anyone else, along with Novak. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceBoris Becker, three-time Wimbledon champion: "Obviously, the big one is always the first one and once you break that duck there's room for more.  He's 29, at the peak of his career, so I'm sure he's going to be up for a few more Grand Slams. "Grass is his most natural surface, and he's always going to be a big threat at Wimbledon.  Hard court is a great surface for him too.  He'll be winning a couple more. "Lleyton Hewitt, 2002 Wimbledon champion: "Andy Murray is always trying to improve.  It couldn't have been easy losing the Australian Open for a fifth time this year, and then losing to the one guy who's held the weight against him for so long in Novak Djokovic at the French Open, despite having taken the first set. "I'm really pleased for him.  You do put so much into this, he will be so relieved now. "Tim Henman, four-time semi-finalist: "Murray delivered in every aspect, it really was an amazing finish to a fantastic fortnight for him.  He stamped his authority, got up 5-0 in both tie-breaks.  His first serve percentage, he only made nine unforced errors. . .  Murray used all his skills to keep making Raonic play and make life difficult and it paid off. "Pat Cash, 1987 Wimbledon champion: "It was almost a faultless tournament from Andy.  It was so special.  He perhaps had one blip by losing a set against Tsonga.
The 2008 champion from Portrush warmed up for next week's Open at Royal Troon by finishing on nine under and five behind winner Alex Noren of Sweden. McDowell picked up birdies at one, six and 16 but bogeys at 15 and 17 ended his title hopes. Padraig Harrington was six under after a 71 while Belfast's Michael Hoey was back on four over following a 72. Noren clinched a one-shot victory over nearest challenger Tyrrell Hatton. McDowell, who has slipped to 78th in the world rankings, goes into the Open in improved form and having already played two practice rounds at Troon last weekend.
The former Scotland Under-21 international was released by Crystal Palace after he failed to make an appearance during his two years. Kettings, 23, spent three months on loan at National League side Bromley last season, playing 14 times. He is the sixth new signing since Northern Ireland assistant Stephen Robinson was appointed as manager. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Manchester United trainee Rothwell, 21, has penned a two-year deal. The attacking midfielder made seven appearances in all competitions during a loan spell with Barnsley last season. Maguire, 27, has signed a one-year deal after playing 25 games last season during a loan spell and subsequent short-term move from Rotherham. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Australian Matthews, 25, of Orica-BikeExchange won a sprint finish ahead of Peter Sagan and Edvald Boasson Hagen to claim his first Tour victory. Slovak Sagan took the green points jersey from Briton Mark Cavendish. Defending champion Froome finished in the peloton, nine minutes 39 seconds behind Matthews, on the 197km stage from Escaldes-Engordany to Revel. Britain's Adam Yates, Matthews' 23-year-old team-mate, was in the same group to keep the white jersey for best young rider. 2013 and 2015 winner Froome and his main rivals enjoyed a relatively comfortable day, which started with a big climb but flattened out to suit a breakaway win. The main contenders for the yellow jersey were happy to let a group of 15 riders - none of whom threatened the overall lead - surge ahead. Britain's Steve Cummings, who won stage seven, was part of the breakaway but dropped back as two Orica team-mates helped Matthews earn an emotional win. Matthews said he came close to "giving up" on the Tour de France after breaking four ribs in a crash last year, and missing the 2014 race following an accident. But his win continued Orica's impressive Tour, with Yates second in the general classification standings, 16 seconds behind Froome. While Yates has produced some superb solo performances, Matthews was helped by team-mates Luke Durbridge and Daryl Impey as they neutralised the threat of Tinkoff's world champion Sagan. Durbridge's pace reduced the breakaway to seven riders before he dropped out, with Impey launching several attacks in the last few kilometres. Matthews waited until the final 200m to make his move, overtaking BMC's Greg van Avermaet and Sagan in the last 50m. "To have won a stage after two really bad years in the Tour de France, the emotion is just sinking in," said Matthews, who has also won stages at the Giro d'Italia and Vuelta a Espana. "I was close to giving up on this race, thinking it was maybe not for me, but today was incredible. "It was never the plan to go in the breakaway.  We were hoping for bunch sprint after the last climb but we had strong guys, and whoever is up we give them 110%.  Daryl and Luke gave me everything. "Sagan overtook Cavendish in the green jersey standings after winning the intermediate sprint and finishing second to Matthews. Cavendish, who has won three stages in this year's race, finished in the peloton and now trails Sagan by 38 points. Sagan has won the green jersey in each of the past four years, and Manxman Cavendish, 31, said before this year's race that he cannot beat the world champion. Cavendish, whose tally of 29 career stage wins is bettered only by Eddy Merckx's 34, could challenge for a 30th on a largely flat stage 11, which takes the riders 162. 5km (101 miles) from Carcassonne to Montpellier. 1.  Michael Matthews (Aus/Orica-BikeExchange) 4hrs 22mins 38secs2.  Peter Sagan (Svk/Tinkoff) same time3.  Edvald Boasson Hagen (Nor/Dimension Data)4.  Greg van Avermaet (Bel/BMC Racing)5.  Samuel Dumoulin (Fra/AG2R La Mondiale)6.  Daryl Impey (SA/Orica-BikeExchange) +2secs7.  Luke Durbridge (Aus/Orica-BikeExchange) +1min 10secs8.  Damiano Caruso (Ita/BMC Racing)+3min 1 sec9.  Gorka Izaguirre (Spa/Movistar) +3min 10 secs10.  TonyGallopin (Fra/Lotto Soudal) same time1 Chris Froome (GB/Team Sky) 49hrs 8mins 20secs2.  Adam Yates (GB/Orica-BikeExchange) +16secs3.  Daniel Martin (Ire/Etixx - Quick-Step) +19secs4.  Nairo Quintana (Col/Movistar) +23 secs5.  Joaquim Rodriguez (Spa/Katusha) +37secs6.  Bauke Mollema (Ned/Trek-Segafredo) +44secs7.  Romain Bardet (Fra/AG2R La Mondiale) same time8.  Sergio Henao (Col/Team Sky9.  Louis Meintjes (SA/Lampre) +55secs10.
Reports on Tuesday suggested the 28-year-old's representatives are set for talks with the English side. "There are no direct offers," the source told BBC Sport. "Only by meeting the release clause of 94,376,000 euros will the player leave Napoli.  Otherwise Higuain will stay for the remaining two years of his deal. "Gareth Bale's £85m move from Tottenham to Real Madrid in 2013 is the most expensive transfer in football history, surpassing the £80m Real paid Manchester United for Cristiano Ronaldo in 2009. In 2013, then Real Madrid forward Higuain agreed personal terms with Arsenal, but joined Napoli after the Gunners failed to make an offer. Last season, Higuain won the Capocannoniere - Serie A's golden boot - after scoring a league record 36 goals as Napoli finished runners-up to Juventus. Meanwhile, Napoli have not received any offers for 25-year-old Senegal centre-back Kalidou Koulibaly, who has been linked with Everton and Chelsea.
The author whose Sea of Poppies was shortlisted for the Booker prize in 2008, is being hosted as a writer-in-residence at Rashtrapati Bhawan. He has been posting regular tweets and pictures, including the dining table Nelson Mandela ate at and guest rooms foreign dignitaries have stayed in. His latest book is on climate change. The Twitter tour was not limited to just the interiors of the official residence. Ghosh pointed out aspects of the famed gardens, and also drew attention to a sewage treatment plant on the premises. The Mughal gardens are hugely popular in India, and are opened to the public once a year. Ghosh also took the time to meet members of the president's security detail including Vikrant, the horse that leads all the ceremonial parades the president participates in. Many social media users have thanked the author for giving them an "unseen glimpse" into the President's house, while others have been offering their own insights- and even criticisms- of the residence. . One user suggested that some of the rooms could "use more light", while others said that "heavy dusty carpeting" could "smother the will to live".
Ormsby had already agreed to join Giants for the 2017 season, having made two appearances during a one-month loan spell with the club in April. The 23-year-old scored 29 tries in 42 games for Warrington, but played in only five games this season. "I wanted to get game time, so it's good for my career to be here," he told Huddersfield's club website.
Giaccherini, 31, joined the Black Cats in 2013 from Juventus for £6. 5m but, after an impressive first season, he struggled to make an impact. He played 43 times in total for the club, scoring five goals, but spent last season on loan at Serie A Bologna. The Italian has 29 international caps and scored the Azzurri's opening goal of Euro 2016 against Belgium. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Laurence Shahlaei, originally from Cheltenham, took the title in Leeds from two-time title holder Hafthor Bjornsson who is also famed for his role in the popular television series. Mr Shahlaei, nicknamed "Big Loz", said: "He's a great strongman but it was my day and it felt really good to win. "The 32-year-old is the first Englishman to win the title in 27 years. Standing at 6ft 2in (1. 9m) and weighing 22 stone (145 kg), the Wiltshire-based athlete had to overcome injury last weekend to take the crown. "I've had a rough few years with injuries and to come back and win Europe's Strongest man has just meant the world to me," he said. "There's five different events that you have to do.  I did a 420 kilo dead lift, which was good enough for joint second and then we did a frame carry - it's a race and you're running a 20-metre course while carrying 450 kilos, which is close to 90 stone, and I won that event. "Competitors also had to lift a 177kg (28 stone) block above their heads "as many times as possible" as well as tackling the infamous Atlas stones - an event synonymous with strongman competitions. But it was running 20m (65ft) with a Volkswagen Beetle on his shoulders in around 11 seconds that clinched the title from Iceland's Hafthor Bjornsson. "My favourite of the competition was the car walk.   Imagine Fred Flintstone running in his car - that was basically me," he said. "I actually broke the world record on that event.   They made the car even heavier this year and I managed over a second off my world record - which was really, really good.
Cardiff narrowly missed out on the Championship play-offs last term, finishing eighth in the table. But under new head coach Paul Trollope, Pilkington thinks the Welsh side are capable of better. "We fell just short [last season] and we were all really disappointed with that.  We felt we had the squad to get in the play-offs definitely," he said. "It's going to be a tough season again, just like it was last year, but hopefully we can be right up there come the end of the season. "Pilkington, 28, scored Cardiff's first goal in their 4-0 friendly win at Shrewsbury on Saturday. The Republic of Ireland international played in attack, having moved from the wing to a central forward role last season. Pilkington made the transition under former Cardiff boss Russell Slade, who was replaced by Trollope in May. Trollope had been working under Slade before then, and Pilkington believes that smooth transition has helped the Bluebirds in their preparations for the new campaign. "The gaffer was working with us last season so we know how he works," he added. "We know what he's about and we know we have to be on our toes all the time. "He's come in and changed a few things.  It's been good up to now so hopefully we can carry on working really well.
It is the largest ever contingent of Scots in a Great Britain team for an overseas Olympics, surpassing the previous record of 31 in Beijing in 2008. Scots will compete in 15 of the 42 sports in Rio. There are defending champions in tennis star Andy Murray and rowers Heather Stanning and Katherine Grainger, the latter competing in her fifth Games at 40, and other returning medallists from London in canoeist David Florence and sailor Luke Patience. Athletics boasts the largest contingent of Scots with 15 among the 80-strong track and field squad, the highest representation since 1908. There are also eight Scottish swimmers - a third of the British team - and eight Scottish rowers, although two of those are travelling as reserves. For 33 Scots, Rio will be their first Olympic experience. As well as Grainger among the 17 who have competed at previous Games, fencer Richard Kruse will heading to his fourth Olympics, while this will be a third for Florence and swimmers Robbie Renwick and Hannah Miley. Sportscotland, the national agency for sport in Scotland, have set ambitious targets for Rio.  The first - the largest number of Scots in the team for an 'away' Olympics - has already been met.  Can the second - the most medals won by Scottish competitors at an overseas Games - also be achieved?To do so, they will need to surpass the eight won in Sydney in 2000, while the record haul for Scots at any Games is 13 from London four years ago. "I think we have between 15 and 20 medals 'hits' - in other words, they are in that medal zone," says Mike Whittingham, Director of High Performance at Sportscotland. "I think we could have as many as 20% of those 50 Scots in serious medal contention, and probably nine or 10 sports where we could win medals. "We want a best ever away Olympics and I think we're on track; I think we can get 10. ''So where might those Scottish medals come from in Rio?It's not easy to predict medal winners at the best of times, but many Scots have been performing well in the build-up. Andy Murray defends the singles title and will be full of confidence after a remarkable run of five consecutive finals, culminating in his second Wimbledon triumph. The world number two also picked up a silver medal from the mixed doubles in London and this time he will be in doubles action with his brother Jamie.  The Dunblane siblings combined to great effect in Britain's Davis Cup triumph last year and many of the regular top pairings will be split up in Rio. In rowing, Stanning and Helen Glover have formed an outstanding partnership in the women's pair.  The defending champions' unbeaten run stretches back to 2011.  As well as Olympic gold, they have also won the last two World and European Championships together. Grainger finally got her hands on an Olympic gold medal in 2012 - at the fourth time of asking after three silvers in the three preceding Games. Her place on the team for Rio was far from assured, her new partnership with Vicky Thornley in the women's double scull only belatedly confirmed for Rio selection after a failed attempt to earn a place in the eight. But what a fairytale it would be if Grainger put all that behind her and became Britain's most decorated female Olympian with a fifth medal. Hurdler Eilidh Doyle has been in great form this season, setting a new personal best in the 400m event in winning her second Diamond League race of the season in Monaco last week. Her 54. 09 seconds is the sixth fastest time in the world this year. The Commonwealth Games silver medallist booked her place with a dominant victory at the British Championships and is targeting a medal after consistently showing she can compete with the world's best. The 29-year-old is also an important member of the 4x400m relay team. Katie Archibald is working hard to battle back from an untimely knee injury just to make the women's track cycling pursuit team. But the 22-year-old is confident the GB quartet - which includes defending champions Laura Trott and Joanna Rowsell-Shand - "have a good shot" at claiming gold again in Rio. Sailor Luke Patience has quite a qualification story to tell.  The silver medallist from London was selected as part of Team GB, but his initial partner Elliot Willis was diagnosed with bowl cancer, meaning he had to re-qualify with Chris Grube in the 470 class. Can Hannah Miley finally get her hands on an Olympic medal in the pool? The 26-year-old finished sixth in the 400m individual medley, perhaps her strongest event, in Beijing in 2008 and fifth in London four years ago, when she also finished seventh in the 200m IM and fifth as part of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay team. Ross Murdoch qualified for the 100m breaststroke, rather than his more favoured 200m in which he struck gold at the 2014 Commonwealth Games and this year's European Championships. But expectations remain high for the 22-year-old, who has Commonwealth, World and European medals at the shorter distance. Robbie Renwick returns for his third Games hoping to add an Olympic medal to his World, European and Commonwealth collection. A relative veteran at 27, he is joined in the 4x200m freestyle relay squad by Duncan Scott.  The youngest Scot on the Olympic team, he only turned 19 in May but is already a world champion having featured at last year's event in Russia. Golf's inclusion in the Olympics for the first time in 112 years has caused plenty of controversy, with a string of leading male players pulling out, citing concerns over the Zika virus. But Scotland's Catriona Matthew, 46, has no such fears and the former Women's British Open champion joins England's Charley Hull in the GB team.
But this is where you find the alleged mastermind of Turkey's failed coup, the Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen. And he has broken his customary seclusion to give rare interviews defending himself against the accusations levelled by his nemesis, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Who was behind Turkey coup attempt?Turkey police and officials purgedHow mobiles beat tanks and saved ErdoganWe were greeted at the Golden Generation Worship & Retreat Center by polite, well-spoken men who serve as the first line of gate-keepers to the revered preacher and writer. They belong to organisations inspired by Mr Gulen, not run by him, a testament to the strength of his personality and the appeal of his message.  He advocates a Sufi-based Islam of tolerance that emphasises education and promotes business. In Turkey, though, critics view this style of leadership as a threat, saying he wields much unelected political influence through followers who have heavily penetrated the bureaucracy and have links to media and business. The retreat sprawls over 25 lush green acres (10 hectares) in the foothills of the Poconus Mountains.  But the cleric, it was emphasised, occupies only a single, spartan bedroom in one of the buildings.  We were shown a desk, a small bed and a small mat. He met us in an adjacent room, seated beneath a framed admonition to "Continue to Love", written in Arabic calligraphy.  He rose to greet us but his strength failed him and he fell back onto the sofa. The real gatekeeper is Mr Gulen's doctor, who gave him medication so he could manage the interview. Although his heart condition and diabetes have made him very frail, his language was anything but. He condemned the coup attempt as treason, claiming that "even if at the helm of the country there are people who would like to replace me and suppress me and oppress me at the level of blood-sucking vampires, even then I do not want to remove them with anti-democratic means". "This is my attitude toward any and even the idea of the consideration of a military coup. "It may be that he sees President Erdogen as a vampire after his blood. The two men once banded together to curb the power of Turkey's secular military. But a few years ago Mr Erdogan became suspicious that Mr Gulen's followers were driving a corruption investigation that targeted his inner circle.  He moved to stamp out any alternative power centre, even if it was another Islamic one. Since then he has been purging them from state institutions.  Mr Gulen called this a "witch-hunt" which accelerated after the failed coup. "It's not possible to talk about democracy any more," he said of reported excesses.  "This kind of regime resembles more of a clan and a tribal administration. "Without naming Mr Erdogan, he compared him to dictators such as Hitler and Saddam Hussein. But he counselled his followers to remain peaceful because "society is already polarised enough, don't make it worse". Ironically Mr Gulen fled to America in 1999 amid accusations of trying to overthrow the secular government.  Now it is an Islamist one demanding that the US send him back. He seemed unfazed by Mr Erdogan's plan to lodge a formal extradition request.  He declared it would be politically motivated rather than legally sound, and therefore would not get much attention in a country where "the rule of law reigns supreme". The issue, however, is getting much attention: already it's led to some sharp exchanges between Turkish and American officials.  And it could create further headaches for the US government, especially if the evidence provided does not stand up in an American court. Once again Mr Gulen sought to rise above the political to the spiritual. "I will die one day," he said.  "Whether I die in my bed or in prison I don't care.
He welcomed Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny's comments on a possible referendum on Irish unity. DUP MP Ian Paisley said Mr Kenny was "being mischievous". The taoiseach said Brexit talks should consider that a clause in the Good Friday Agreement could result in the calling of a referendum. In his remarks to reporters on Monday at the annual MacGill Summer School in Glenties, County Donegal, Mr Kenny said the triggering of a border poll required "clear evidence of a majority of people wishing to leave the UK and join the Republic". He added: "It may be, in the eyes of some, a fanciful theory but who knows what happens in 10, 20 years time?"Adams responded by calling for all parties supporting a united Ireland "to discuss how best this can be achieved. ""In the context of the north being dragged out of the EU by England, there is now a greater opportunity to achieve this," he said. North Antrim MP Mr Paisley said Secretary of State James Brokenshire and his predecessor, Theresa Villiers, had both ruled out holding a referendum. "It's not going to happen," he said. "We all know in the next nine months Enda Kenny is not going to be taoiseach.  So, he's really just being mischievous. ," Mr Paisley added. Ulster Unionist MLA Jenny Palmer described Mr Kenny's comments as "much ado about nothing". She said that, in the wake of the EU referendum, the Stormont executive's priority should be "to convince the people of Northern Ireland that they have a plan for the way forward for our economy, our farmers, our voluntary and community groups, our universities and everyone else who depends heavily on EU funding and support.
The Premiership club are laying a new organic surface at Sixways, joining Saracens and Newcastle in playing their home games on an all-weather pitch. "It does change the dynamics of the game slightly," Hogg, 47, told BBC Hereford and Worcester. "It's part and parcel of the game now - we need to get up to speed with it. "Warriors' three pre-season matches are all away - against French side Clermont Auvergne, Jersey and Munster - while their new home is being prepared. They start the 2016-17 season against European and Premiership champions Sarries at Twickenham before local rivals Gloucester come to Sixways on 9 September. And with five of their seven wins last term coming at home, Hogg knows this campaign on their own patch will be even more important. "It's essential that we find our feet," Hogg said. "Our new surface should give us an added advantage playing on it every other week. "You can lock-out the scrums because your feet get more purchase and the mauls and other contact areas tend to be much more cleaner and sharper on a 4G surface and that's something you have to build your decision making around. "Warriors will renew their rivalry with newly-promoted Bristol after Andy Robinson's side finally got out of the second tier last season after four previous play-off failures. Bristol did the double over Warriors in the Championship two seasons ago but Worcester got revenge winning a pulsating play-off final in May 2015 by a single point on aggregate. And Hogg is expecting Robinson's side to be a threat. "Andy's done a fantastic job down there - it's been two or three years in the making," Hogg said. "They've got some real consistency and they'll be a challenge in the Premiership, especially at Ashton Gate.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe 29-year-old was overlooked for their triumphant Six Nations campaign after starting in the 2015 World Cup. The surgery ruled him out of contention for the tour to Australia in June. "You always have to keep the goal there to get back in the England side.  I don't think you can ever lose sight of it," he told BBC East Midlands Today. "Because I was injured, yes you do end up doubting yourself a little.  But you soon dust yourself down, get back here, train again and then you are ticking along again. "I've always had determination, but there is probably a bit more there now to prove people wrong and prove to myself that I'm good enough. "Youngs, capped 22 times, was not selected after Eddie Jones took over as national boss, with the Australian naming hooker Dylan Hartley as his captain. Saracens' Jamie George and Exeter's Luke Cowan-Dickie played as replacement hookers during the triumphant summer tour to Australia. "They had a great summer tour, 3-0 in Australia is very special," Youngs said. "It's never great not being selected, but there is no point moping about because you need to be training hard.  I'm not one to mope, I just say 'fair enough, I understand' and then go off and work on things I need to work on. "The back injury was probably the worst thing, because I couldn't prove anything. "If I get the phone call great, but I'll concentrate on getting fit, playing and leading by example for the club. "Youngs said recovering from surgery was "a dark time" as Leicester's bid for European Champions Cup and Premiership glory ended at the semi-final stage of both competitions last season. While Leicester reached the Premiership play-offs for a 12th straight season, it was the third successive time they fell short of a spot in the final. Youngs will mark his recovery by taking over as Leicester club captain. "It's a huge honour and a big job to do," he said. "I want to get Leicester back to where we should be really, and where we are striving to be.  We have been in three semi-finals now and lost all three. "We need to finish in the top two this year and push for that and reach a final.  That is what we are pushing for in all competitions.
The 51-year-old had only signed a new contract with the Premier League champions in May. Former PE teacher and Chelsea scout Walsh will work with new Toffees manager Ronald Koeman, who replaced Roberto Martinez last month. "It feels very much like a new era at Everton," said Walsh. He becomes Leicester's second key departure of the summer after midfielder N'Golo Kante joined Chelsea for £30m. Walsh has been credited with helping discover bargain signings such as winger Riyad Mahrez and Kante for the Foxes, who last season became top-flight champions for the first time in their 132-year history. Professional Footballers' Association player of the year Mahrez joined from Le Havre in 2014 for £400,000, while Kante was signed from French club Caen for about £6m. "I am genuinely excited to be here at Everton and very much looking forward to getting down to work," said Walsh. "I know the club well, my roots are in the north west and my brother, Mickey, was an Everton player in the Bob Latchford era and always proud of that fact. "Dutchman Koeman added: "It is really good for the club to have someone in Steve who has shown his quality in his job at a number of clubs over many years. "That is the experience and quality he will bring to us at a good time in the season. "Pat Murphy, BBC Radio 5 live:"Arguably, Walsh became the most important figure in Leicester's football department because he kept delivering unpolished gems from his countless scouting missions without breaking the bank. "Although he signed a new and improved contract only in May, he has been tempted away by what he sees as a career promotion and the vision of Everton's majority shareholder Farhad Moshiri. "The London-based Iranian businessman has ambitious plans for Everton, with money seemingly not an issue.  Landing first Koeman as manager and now Walsh within a month is a double coup. "Leicester will be seeking full compensation for the loss of Walsh but just as in the pursuit of Koeman, money is no longer a thorny problem at Everton.
The response from many in that time has been: "Let's get on with it. "That view was shared by the First Minister Carwyn Jones until recently when he altered his opinion and said that we should only start the official Brexit negotiations in the early part of next year. My sense is that the public will be flexible on the timing up to a point, as long as they are given a clear sense of direction. The majority of the political establishment have had to come to terms with the fact that most people ignored their advice to remain.  So much for being in touch with the electorate. In conversations with politicians on the remain side since, I have come across a mix of bewilderment, frustration and sadness. And while people like me spend a lot of time talking and writing about a Welsh political dynamic, on this subject at least, Wales was a carbon copy of England. In stark contrast, those that supported leaving feel vindicated by their campaign, and now believe they are the ones in touch with vast swathes of the population. The referendum result was a devastating indictment of the effectiveness of the billions of pounds of EU funds spent trying to regenerate economically deprived communities. The brutal reality is that those who were most likely to vote to leave lived in communities where most EU money had been spent. It is an extraordinary paradox that raised eyebrows far further afield than Wales. The early stages of a debate about replacement funding has got under way.  The Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns, a Remain campaigner, led the way by wasting no time in calling for a fundamental change in approach. Brexit means the Wales Office may have been given a new sense of purpose, and no more so than in regeneration funding. There's been little meat on the bone but his fundamental premise is that everything has to change, and simply writing a Westminster cheque rather than a Brussels cheque will not cut it. The early signs are that the Wales Office would like to play a part redesigning a new funding system.  This will not go down well with the Welsh Government but the come-back from Westminster will be that officials in Cardiff have not done a good job spending the money. There will be something just as fundamental going on regarding financial support for the farming industry. This is a devolved matter so the Welsh Government will have a far stronger sense of entitlement to owning any new system that is introduced. So far there have been plenty of warm words about being in listening mode but not much in terms of concrete proposals, or even ideas, about how to create a new system of agricultural subsidies. And finally, what about the Welsh economy? Those who express concern about the impact of Brexit are criticised by Leave campaigners for creating a self-fulfilling prophecy. When the chairman of the Welsh Conservatives, Jonathan Evans, a fiercely pro-European politician, talked openly to me about recession, there were a number from within his own party who were deeply unhappy at the tone. But how do you then deal with the facts of the matter regarding things like inward investment, when most companies have come to Wales because of our membership of the single market?That was the elephant in the room when the Welsh Government's Economy Secretary Ken Skates spoke about a renewed focus on promoting Wales abroad in light of the Brexit. It is a huge hurdle to overcome, and something that will depend on the effectiveness of the trade deals that Brexiteers like Boris Johnson and Liam Fox will now have to strike with countries around the world. At the same time, there are strong indicators in the Welsh economy, with a continued trend on unemployment in Wales which is remarkable.  The norm has been for a number of months that the rate in Wales is lower than the UK average, reversing years of it being the other way round. The underlying strength of the Welsh economy will be tested in the months ahead with the inevitable uncertainty that will accompany the start of negotiations.
The 24-year-old midfielder sustained the injury just 26 days after joining Posh from League Two side Crewe. He had an operation on Saturday and is expected to be out until November. "I haven't seen a grown man cry like that for 15 years so I feel for him, but we'll just have to pull together," McCann told BBC Radio Cambridgeshire. "There were about six seconds left of training, he planted his foot and broke his leg. "He's had an operation, but I'm sure he'll come back stronger.  The lads and the staff are devastated for him. "McCann also confirmed that Posh had not taken up the option to sign trialist striker Morgan Ferrier, who played in the pre-season friendlies against West Ham and Norwich.
It is hoped the theatre, founded in 1875, will be used for theatrical performances, cinema screenings, comedy and live music. The BBC studios, at the eastern end of the Palace, will also be repaired and refurbished. If successful in raising funds it is hoped the theatre will reopen in 2018. The theatre and studios form part of a larger east wing restoration project to transform Alexandra Palace into a new cultural destination. As part of the renovations, the glazed east court will become a space for the public and for exhibitions. Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) is contributing £18. 8m towards the project, while Haringey Council is contributing £6. 8m. The entire east wing will be refurbished at a cost of £26. 6m. Alexandra Park and Palace Charitable Trust have committed to raising the final £1m by summer 2017. The theatre, which has languished unused for decades, still has much of its original decor and stage machinery in place. It was created to showcase opera, musicals, plays and all kinds of entertainment, even hosting early cinema screenings.
His comments come on a day marking the first anniversary of a project to protect all of the nation's mangroves. As well as storing carbon, the forests provide habitat for fish and protect communities from tsunamis and cyclones. Also on Tuesday - World Mangrove Day - Sri Lanka's president will open the world's first mangrove museum. The museum will act as a hub for conservation training for adults, and educating children about the value of mangroves.  It is estimated that 20,000 pupils will visit the museum in the first year. Read also: The community who won back their mangrovesThe Sri Lankan government has also included mangrove forest conservation into its national curriculum. The museum is a central pillar of a five-year programme to protect all of the island nation's mangroves. Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe said: "Mangroves swiftly absorb carbon dioxide and inject oxygen into the atmosphere, maintaining an ecological balance vital for the environment. "It is my belief that the mangrove restoration project will generate much needed awareness among key stakeholders such as the community, leisure sector personnel, tourists, and the general public. "He added: "It is my hope that this will be the beginning of a long-term effort to sustain the mangroves for greater conservation benefit. "In partnership with island conservation organisation Seacology and local NGO Sudeesa, the Sri Lankan government has identified all of the nation's 15,000 hectares of mangrove forests, and has surveyed almost half of them. Ministers have also introduced legislation to protect the habitats and have assigned forest officers to help guard them. Seacology executive director Duane Silverstein explained that although the project required US $3. 4 million of funding, the sum was dwarfed when the ecosystem services provided by Sri Lanka's mangrove forests were taken into account. "In last year, research has been published looking at the economic value of mangrove in Asia," he said. "It has concluded that each hectare has a value of US $194,000 - that would put an economic value of our project at US $2. 9 billion. "He told BBC News that mangroves were critical in a number of areas, socially as well as environmentally. "Firstly, they provide nurseries for young fish, which are protected among the mangrove roots," he explained. "Secondly, and increasingly important, they provide protection from natural disasters such as tsunamis and cyclones.  They disperse the energy in the sea and waves, therefore the villages that have intact mangroves suffer significantly less damage. "Thirdly, and most importantly, mangrove forests sequester far much more carbon than other times of forest.  A recent UN report estimated that mangroves store about 1,000 tonnes per hectare in their biomass and underlying soil.  There is a minimum of 15,000 hectares of mangrove in Sri Lanka, meaning that the country's mangroves are sequestering 15 million tonnes of carbon. "One of the threats facing mangrove forests around the world is the emergence of shrimp farms in order to meet the growing global demand for shrimps/prawns. In order to build saltwater ponds needed to rear the crustaceans, mangroves - which grown in the intertidal area of shorelines - are felled, either legally or illegally. This practice has been identified by the United Nations as one of the main drivers for the loss of the valuable and most at-risk habitat, with more than half of mangroves being lost or felled over the past century. However, the development of shrimp farms in Sri Lanka had resulted in a significant fall in fish catch yields, say local conservationists. This resulted in local fishing communities losing incomes and livelihoods, making them aware of the importance and value of healthy mangrove forests, and keen to protect them. Mr Silverstein said that the conservation model adopted in Sri Lanka could be rolled out to other mangrove-rich nations, however he added that "one size would not fit all". "However, it is very clear that we are demonstrating that a nation can preserve all of its mangroves, and still improve the economic quality of people's lives. "Although the Sri Lanka project has four more years to run, it does take many years of planning.  We are looking at working with another nation to do something similar. "Follow Mark on Twitter.
Locals rush about their business, the shops are full and crowds of tourists gather here to watch the Glockenspiel, the chiming carillon, with its dancing figures and little chirping golden bird. But a glance under the Mariensaeule, a column topped with a statue of the Virgin Mary, tells you that all is not well here. Flowers and candles have been laid at the foot of the monument in memory of those who died in the shootings on Friday at a shopping centre in the north-west of the city. Their killer was an 18-year-old German-Iranian, David Ali Sonboly, who was obsessed with guns. "To the victims of the 23rd of July" one message reads.  "Love is stronger than hate," says another. The series of violent attacks in the past few days has shaken people here. What is going on in Germany?What drives individuals to commit mass killings?"I'm trying not to let it affect me too much in my daily life," Xenia, a student, told me.  "But when one thing after another happens like this, you can't help thinking that the world is totally crazy. ""Do you think the government is doing enough in this situation?" I asked her.  "Have they let in too many refugees and migrants?""I feel generally safe in Germany," she said.  "Attacks have been prevented in Duesseldorf and Bonn, and you can't do much against lone wolves. "And we can't just blame it all on the refugees.  That makes it far too simple.  There will always be problem cases, but in general the refugees risk their lives to come here. "On the other side of the square, Alois Frank shook his head. "I think there will be more attacks like this if the government doesn't take action," he told me.  "They are doing much too little. "They need to check very carefully who these migrants are, whether they are real asylum seekers or not. ""What do you think about Chancellor Angela Merkel?" I asked him. "I always used to like her very much," he said.  "But since she has accepted so many migrants, I am strongly against her. "I always voted for the CDU [Mrs Merkel's party]," he said, "but now I am re-considering. "He looked around at a couple walking with their little girl. "I'm not worried for myself because I am 83 years old and if something happens to me, my God, who cares! But I am concerned for my family. "Lothar Plomitcer, 48, agreed.  "Our government seems to be controlled by the EU and Brussels.  What kind of experiment is it, when a million people flee here? I know they have a good reason to leave Syria and Iraq, but it's uncontrolled.  People need borders. "Others in this cosmopolitan city are worried for other reasons. Wandering through a shopping street with her friend Nadia, Kadidja told me the attacks made her concerned for her safety. "As a Muslim woman with dark skin who wears a headscarf, I find the current atmosphere quite charged," she said. "I notice that lots of people are looking at me and are a bit scared of me.  The mood is quite tense. "I grew up here, I see myself as a German, but people still don't totally accept me.  There are still so many prejudices against Muslims.  I hope that will change one day. "The oppressive heat of the afternoon gave way to a violent thunderstorm, and I took shelter in the doorway of a shop, along with a middle-aged woman with brown hair. "These are strange times for Bavaria," she told me.  "Even the weather doesn't like it. ""Are you worried?" I asked her. "I was worried on Friday during the shootings," she said.  "And I was a bit careful on the underground today.  But what can you do? You can't let it stop you.
Both sides remain in qualifying places with Essex top on run-rate and Glamorgan in third. Essex make one change with Jamie Porter replacing Matt Quinn in their seam attack. , while Glamorgan are unchanged. Glamorgan won the toss and captain Jacques Rudolph chose to bat first on a cloudy afternoon. Both teams face a hectic schedule of five limited-overs games in a week, as the One-Day Cup and T20 Blast groups both reach their climax. Essex lost to Surrey by 66 runs despite 131 from Jesse Ryder, while Glamorgan went down by 33 runs away to Somerset,  in their previous matches. "Though we're still in the top four, a win (over Somerset) would have set us on the way to a quarter-final- we want to win every game" Glamorgan fast bowler Michael Hogan told BBC Wales. Essex coach Chris Silverwood told the club's website "The players know they have to bring consistency to their game,  if we are to ensure Essex are in the quarter-finals of both white-ball competitions, and we need to start with a win against Glamorgan. "Glamorgan won the 2015 match in Cardiff by 146 runs, with Colin Ingram hitting 130. Essex : Browne, Westley, Ryder, Bopara (c), Lawrence, ten Doeschate, Foster, Zaidi, Napier, Masters, Porter. Glamorgan: Lloyd, Rudolph (c), Bragg, Ingram, Donald, Wallace, Wagg, Meschede, Salter, van der Gugten, Hogan.
The Slovenian club has knocked Hibernian, Rangers and Celtic out of Europe in recent seasons. Yet McInnes is adamant that his players are not fearful of the quality of the opposition or their record. "We're not daunted by it," McInnes said.  "We're confident in our ability to get the right result. "Aberdeen's manager has told fans to expect an assertive first-leg display on Thursday and urged them to back the team. "We've learned over the last few seasons to deal with European football," McInnes continued. "I like the technical and tactical part of it.  Our supporters should expect to see a confident Aberdeen team. "They are favourites, we're the underdogs, but we were underdogs against Riejka [last season], we were underdogs against Groningen [in 2014]. "They'll take confidence from their recent history, and not just against Scottish teams. "We want to represent ourselves first and foremost, get the reputation of our club at the forefront of people's minds, and help Scottish football at the same time. "Those first two rounds always have trepidation about them, because players aren't fully up to speed, they're playing against teams that are relatively unknown and there's pressure in that. "We've now come out the other side of those ties and we're now the underdogs going into this game.  I'm happy to deal with the favourites tag and happy to deal with the underdogs tag. "McInnes warns that Maribor will be accomplished and dangerous opponents in the first leg of the third qualifying round tie on Thursday at Pittodrie. He will send his side out in search of a victory, but also with the awareness that the contest can be won in Slovenia on away goals, so keeping a clean sheet is important. "What was telling from [Maribor's win over Levski Sofia in the last round] was their maturity and calmness, even when they went behind they kept playing their game," McInnes said. "That comes from playing European football and they look like a team confident within their shape.  They've got a way of playing, very well organised, and the refusal to panic when they went behind has got them through into this tie. "They play 4-4-1-1, they can play a bit deeper and they counter-attack quickly.  We need to be aware of that and recognise the areas where we want to play and look after the ball, especially against a team that is quick to get forward. "We want to win the game at home, [but] it's important we still have a result going over to Maribor. "Ideally we want to impose ourselves and get that balance between attacking and defending right, but we don't want to be giving ourselves a mountain to climb by losing goals at Pittodrie.
Fire crews were called to the property in Lon Tanyrallt, Alltwen, near Pontardawe, at 01:40 BST on Wednesday. Jac Davies was rescued from an upstairs bedroom but died at the scene. His three-year-old brother was also rescued and taken to Swansea's Morriston Hospital along with his sister, six, an 11-month-old brother and their mother who had all managed to escape the blaze. They were all suffering from suspected smoke inhalation which is not thought to be life-threatening. In a tribute, his mother, Jennifer Davies, said in a statement: "My big, handsome blue-eyed boy - you're my life, my world, my everything and will never, ever forget you. "Go ride your train up to heaven and wait for me. "Kelsey, Riley and Andrew will always remember you. "Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service said Ms Davies, called for help and neighbours tried to get in to help the stranded children. The cause of the blaze is being investigated by the police and fire service. Chris Margetts, senior operations manager for the fire service, described the blaze as "very severe" but said smoke detectors may have raised the alarm. He added: "It is a very close community, and specialist teams from the fire and rescue service will be working with the community in the coming days. "Outside the family home, visibly shocked neighbours stood in the street with their hands over their mouths, trying to make sense of the tragedy. One woman was consoled by a police officer as she laid a floral tribute at the scene along with two teddy bears. A card left with some flowers said: "To Jack.  So sad to hear you are sadly gone.  Harry will miss you, seeing you smile and playing with you at school.  Gone too young. "South Wales Police Det Ch Insp Esyr Jones, of Swansea and Neath Port Talbot CID, said: "I would like any witnesses or anyone involved at the scene who have not yet spoken to police to come forward with any information they may have.
A post-mortem examination found that Mr Hunter, from Coulsdon in south London, died from a single gunshot wound at the private event in Headley, near Epsom. Two other people were also injured in the shooting shortly after 02:30 BST on Monday. A 36-year-old woman was shot in the leg and taken to hospital while another man was treated for minor shoulder wounds. A man from London, 38, who was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder remains in custody. A woman, 30, arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender has been released on conditional bail until September, police said. Specialist divers have been searching a village pond for the gun used in the shooting, while forensic teams are continuing a detailed examination of the address in Church Lane. More than 400 people were at the party at the hired house. The annual event had been organised by reggae dancehall artist Jason White and his girlfriend Summerlyn Farquharson. He told BBC Newsbeat they used seven security staff with metal detectors to check all the guests as they arrived. Det Ch Insp Paul Rymarz, from the Surrey and Sussex Major Crime Team, said: "This was a shocking incident where a man lost his life and we are determined to bring those responsible to justice. "He said police intended to speak to everyone who was at the party, and appealed for anyone not already contacted to come forward. "This incident has understandably sent shockwaves through the Headley community and we are working with our Safer Neighbourhood Team colleagues to update and reassure residents," he said. "We do not believe there is any ongoing risk to Headley residents.
In 2014, the largest colony of the rare seabirds was at Winterton, near Great Yarmouth, Norfolk but the birds have since moved north to Sea Palling. Two years ago there were 300 pairs of the rare seabird.  This year there are just 190 pairs at Sea Palling. The RSPB said the species is declining. Little terns travel 3,000 miles from west Africa to breed on the UK coast but, according to the RSPB, the numbers returning to the UK have declined by between 30-50% since last year. It said the site near Sea Palling is still the country's largest colony, despite the significant drop in numbers. Fabienne Fossez, the Little Tern warden for RSPB East Norfolk, said: "We're extremely concerned, it's a species in decline and they are in real trouble. "What we don't know is what goes on out in west Africa in the winter but it is something to do with the climate, weather and food. "Nevertheless, we have a really good success story here near Sea Palling, despite all of the odds. "Ms Fossez said 380 chicks have hatched at the east Norfolk site since mid May. Her team has been maintaining a 24-hour surveillance of the colony in order to protect the birds. But she said the breeding birds have not had the same level of success elsewhere. "The little terns have had a really difficult time this year," she said. "On the north Norfolk coast they were completely washed out at the beginning of June.  We were protected here on the east coast and we are fortunate that there are just little terns nesting here.
29 July 2016 Last updated at 08:38 BSTIt's now reached the Pacific Ocean and video filmed from a helicopter shows the hot liquid rock from the Kilauea volcano falling off the cliffs. Officials there say that the lava isn't putting any towns in danger but have warned tourists to keep their distance.
Djokovic won 6-3 7-5 in a largely commanding performance. The 29-year-old, who has now won seven titles this year, has beaten the Japanese on nine successive occasions. Djokovic, who was beaten in the third round at Wimbledon by Sam Querrey, will represent Serbia at the Rio Olympics. "I don't need to explain that every athlete dreams of being a part of the Olympic Games," he said.  "I'm competing in singles and doubles. "Hopefully I'll get at least one medal.
The original film saw Tom Hanks play a man saved from drowning as a boy by a mermaid, whom he meets 20 years later. Tatum - who will presumably be a merman - is set to co-star with Jillian Bell, according to Hollywood Reporter. They starred in 2014's undercover cop comedy film 22 Jump Street, which topped the box office on its release. The original film's director Ron Howard is set to produce the film, along with Tatum. The film, a rom-com about whether the man will choose to remain on land or join the mermaid in the sea, was nominated for an Oscar for best original screenplay. This version will be written by Maris Lewis-Ryan and follows on from Ghostbusters, which was remade this year with an all-female lead cast. Tatum recently starred in Hail Caesar! with George Clooney and Josh Brolin, while Bell is to appear in Office Christmas Party later this year.
MacDonald made 67 league appearances for National League club Torquay after signing in 2014 following the collapse of previous club Salisbury. The 23-year-old former England Under-19 international has also played for Reading and Wimbledon. "Our squad is young and hungry, and Angus fits that mould perfectly," head coach Paul Heckingbottom said. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The security breach led to the possible theft of bitcoin worth $65m (Â£49m). Bitfinex told the Reuters news agency on Wednesday that nearly 120,000 bitcoin were stolen from its exchange platform. All transactions on the virtual exchange have been suspended while the security breach is investigated. In a statement on its website, Bitfinex said that it was "deeply concerned about the issue and we are committing every resource to try to resolve it". The hack is one of the biggest thefts in bitcoin's history and is being treated as a "major deal" by many in the virtual currency community. "Unfortunately, we continue to have vulnerabilities in the form of exchanges and wallets," former Singapore-based bitcoin broker David Moskowitz told the BBC."The vulnerabilities almost always occur on the exchange or wallet side and this is an area that continues to need improvement and more secure protocols, no different than when a bank gets robbed. "Securing bitcoin trading platforms has been a key challenge, with hacking and thefts seen as the biggest threats. In 2014, the Tokyo-based Mt Gox trading exchange declared bankruptcy when hundreds of millions of dollars in bitcoins vanished or were stolen. But Mr Moskowitz stressed that in spite of the latest alleged theft "the core protocol is extremely robust and has not been hacked". He said while there would most likely be a price correction in bitcoin, he remained confident that it would continue to be an appealing alternative asset.
The 18-year-old helped the Brewers win automatic promotion from League One last season during a three-month loan. "We've agreed a deal in principal but it's not signed.  The bones are there.  We hope it will be done by Saturday," boss Nigel Clough told BBC Radio Derby. "He is still only 18 years old so he'll have the advantage of enthusiasm. "Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
They have since been released but will be charged with public order offences. Holidaymakers ran and hid from presumed attackers in Platja d'Aro after people pretended to be chasing a celebrity, shouting and taking photographs. The panic turned into a stampede as bystanders mistook selfie sticks for weapons. Eleven people were treated for bruising and heart palpitations.  Three were taken to hospital. Police were called to the centre of the town following reports that shots had been fired.  The reports turned out to be false. Videos on social media showed children in tears as people around them cowered under tables. The German newspaper Die Welt (in German) said that about 200 people took part in the flashmob, which was organised by several Germans. Apparently those taking part were invited on social media to go down to Platja d'Aro on Tuesday evening and behave like paparazzi. The detained women, aged between 20 and 25, were in the Costa Brava town accompanying a youth group trip. The president of Catalonia tweeted that some things should not be joked about.  He also praised the reaction from the town council and police.
The first film, starring Oscar-winning actor Eddie Redmayne, is due out in cinemas on 18 November. JK Rowling, who wrote the film script for Fantastic Beasts, will also write the sequel. Warner Bros said the second film "moves deeper into an increasingly dark time for the wizarding world". Rowling previously said the Fantastic Beasts film series - based on her book of the same name - would be made up of three movies, but this is the first time Warner Bros has confirmed the plan.
The 28-year-old former Bournemouth, Portsmouth and Leeds United centre-back has signed a three-year contract with the Addicks. Pearce made 33 appearances last season as the Latics won the League One title and becomes Charlton's seventh signing of the summer transfer window. "He's an absolute warrior," boss Russell Slade told the club website. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Trains from Nottingham Victoria Station used to take passengers to destinations around England, including London, York, Bristol and Oxford. It was demolished in 1967, a year after the final service to London left the station. The site is now home to a shopping centre. Following the station's closure, all rail traffic was sent to Nottingham Midland, now the city's central station. Exhibition organiser Janine Tanner said: "It was one of the most beautiful stations there has ever been. "People used to refer to it as a cathedral. "I think the majority of people were horrified when it closed. "Obviously there were people who thought it should stay but the general consensus was that it shouldn't have closed. "The station opened in 1900 and was named after Queen Victoria but its owners cited falling passenger numbers and increased car travel in the 1960s as the reason for its closure. All that remains now as a reminder of the site's railway past is the clock tower, a tunnel entrance and a retaining wall. Pictures highlighting its past are on show at the Nottingham Industrial Museum for the next three weekends. The images then go on display at the Great Central Railway at Ruddington and the Victoria Shopping Centre.
The 18-year-old can play at right-back, centre-half and in central midfield. Born in Birmingham, Suliman signed a professional deal with Villa in January 2015 until 2017, but is yet to make a senior, competitive first-team appearance for the Championship club. He has represented England since under-16 level and made 16 international appearances for the under-17 side. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Butterfield has a thigh injury while Olsson suffered a concussion in their 1-0 pre-season win at Sheffield United. "With any head injury you err on the side of caution," Pearson said. "We could push Jacob back quickly but I don't see the point in putting him into a situation where the potential for injuring him further is there. "Pearson's Rams have six games in 20 days during August, but have few injury concerns other than Butterfield and Olsson. "It's a long season we've got to make sure any teething problems with players are managed sensibly because I'd like a fully-fit squad to choose from every week," Pearson told BBC Radio Derby. "I'm not going to have that but that's what the aim is.  We want to keep the players in good condition and available. "Derby drew with Brighton in both league meetings last season, but the Rams boss is happy with the level of preparation going into the new campaign. "Match days are a different entity to the rest of the week. ," he said. "We always do as much as we can whether it's enough at any given time remains to be seen.
Surrey's six-wicket victory in front of a crowd of 2,250 at The Oval consigned Diamonds to their second defeat in two games since the competition started. Yorkshire posted 134-5, Hollie Armitage leading the way with 43. Beaumont shared a 65-run first-wicket stand with Bryony Smith to help the Stars triumph in their first home game. Assisted by a quick outfield, the visitors raced along to 74 without loss before Alex Hartley struck twice in three balls - the England off-spinner taking a simple caught and bowled after a leading edge from Lauren Winfield before she bowled Armitage. Stars skipper Natalie Sciver, with one stump to aim at, ran out Beth Mooney after collecting the ball sharply at extra cover, as the hosts battled their way back into the contest brilliantly and the visitors stuttered. The home side looked to attack the ball from the off and Diamonds debutant Laura Spragg's only over went disastrously wrong, with the former England bowler opening up with three wides on the way to conceding 16 runs in an 11-ball over. Smith batted fearlessly, hitting four boundaries in one Katherine Brunt over, before being caught at point off Jenny Gunn for 31. Beaumont was largely untroubled, hitting six fours in her 45-ball innings, and was eventually caught off Stephanie Butler late on - with Sciver left to lead her side home with 11 balls to spare.
The 25-year-old scored five goals in 15 appearances for the Loftus Road side last season but finished the campaign on loan at MK Dons. Former Arsenal trainee Emmanuel-Thomas has previously had spells at Ipswich and Bristol City and spent time on loan at Blackpool, Doncaster and Cardiff. He becomes Gillingham's eighth signing of the summer transfer window. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The former Manchester City man, 30, won 61 caps for England after making his senior debut in 2009. He was a squad member at two World Cups and two European Championships but played just three minutes at Euro 2016. "The decision we've reached is about common sense.  I wish Sam [Allardyce], the players, staff and supporters success in the future," Milner said. Milner also holds the record for the most capped England Under-21 player, picking up 46 caps after making his first appearance in 2004. He scored his first, and only, international goal in England's 5-0 victory over Moldova at the 2014 Fifa World Cup qualifiers.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe striker nodded home Craig Curran's cross and superb control allowed him to drill in a second. Scott Boden's shot, touched by defender Andrew Davies, was allowed to stand despite referee Andrew Dallas whistling before the ball had gone in. But Boyce replied with a towering header before a thumping shot from Ross Draper set up a frantic finale. The hosts pressed for a leveller in the final 15 minutes, with Jake Mulraney and Liam Polworth going close with fierce strikes. But County held on to pick up their first Premiership points, while Richie Foran's side are the only team yet to get off the mark after two matches. With both teams exiting the League Cup and opening with league defeats last weekend, the game opened at a whirlwind pace. Curran came into the County side to renew his often profitable partnership with Boyce and it paid off instantly. An inch perfect cross found Boyce completely neglected by the home defence and the Northern Irishman took advantage with an accurate downward header from 10 yards. Inverness were down to 10 men when the second goal arrived on 26 minutes. Full-back Kevin McNaughton hobbled off with a knee injury and before his replacement, Lewis Horner, could get on, Boyce took Richard Foster's deep cross down with a sublime first touch before cutting past David Raven and smashing a low shot confidently into the corner. County were well on top but the home team pulled one back in unusual circumstances shortly before half time. Draper lofted a long ball over the top for Boden to chase and the striker squeezed a shot against the challenging Davies, with the ball spinning into the far corner. Meanwhile, Dallas had blown his whistle and appeared to point to his assistant indicating a halt in play, only to immediately reverse that decision. County players crowded the official, with goalkeeper Scott Fox saying he had been distracted by the whistle, although he did make a wholehearted dive. Jim McIntyre's side put that behind them when Boyce completed his hat-trick early in the second half, rising at the back post to crash in a powerful header from a Christopher Routis free-kick. Inverness gave themselves hope when Draper crashed a powerful low effort past Fox from the edge of the penalty area. County then had to withstand a barrage of pressure as Erik Cikos headed off his own goal-line and Mulraney and Polworth went close. Ross County manager Jim McIntyre: "Right from the off we were at it.  Liam's second goal is fit to grace any league in the world. "Today we put our chances away.  You need to be good in both boxes to win football matches. "Goalkeeper Scott Fox: "The ball's in the box and just before Andrew Davies makes the block the whistle goes.  I think he was saying it was offside.  He made the wrong decision and admitted that to us which is a positive. "I think I'm saving the shot as well I'm going a little more hard towards the ball.  He's admitted he was wrong. "Inverness CT manager Ritchie Foran: "Defending.  Poor defending.  Switching off simple as that.  We work hard on it as well.  There's no excuses for it.  I'll take my part of the blame they'll take their part. "Boyce was the difference besides his goals his defending for Ross County was exceptional.  He started them off, he was the difference. "He's got hearts, desire, he's got hunger on and off the ball his work rate is immense.  He bullied our boys today. Overall we didn't deserve to win the game, we didn't even deserve to draw the game. "Match ends, Inverness CT 2, Ross County 3. Second Half ends, Inverness CT 2, Ross County 3. Attempt missed.  Aaron Doran (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Substitution, Ross County.  Jonathan Franks replaces Michael Gardyne. Attempt saved.  Aaron Doran (Inverness CT) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Substitution, Ross County.  Ian McShane replaces Liam Boyce. Attempt missed.  Liam Polworth (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Substitution, Ross County.  Alex Schalk replaces Craig Curran. Foul by Liam Polworth (Inverness CT). Michael Gardyne (Ross County) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Christopher Routis (Ross County) is shown the yellow card. Aaron Doran (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Christopher Routis (Ross County). Jake Mulraney (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Michael Gardyne (Ross County) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Michael Gardyne (Ross County). Richard Foster (Ross County) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Carl Tremarco (Inverness CT) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Richard Foster (Ross County). Corner,  Ross County.  Conceded by Gary Warren. Attempt missed.  Paul Quinn (Ross County) header from the centre of the box is too high. Foul by Scott Boden (Inverness CT). Paul Quinn (Ross County) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Substitution, Inverness CT. Aaron Doran replaces Iain Vigurs. Lewis Horner (Inverness CT) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Andrew Davies (Ross County) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Gary Warren (Inverness CT). Craig Curran (Ross County) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Liam Polworth (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Richard Foster (Ross County). Ross Draper (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Andrew Davies (Ross County). Attempt missed.  Michael Gardyne (Ross County) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Corner,  Ross County.  Conceded by Gary Warren. Foul by David Raven (Inverness CT). Craig Curran (Ross County) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt missed.  Jake Mulraney (Inverness CT) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Corner,  Inverness CT. Conceded by Andrew Davies. Attempt saved.  Iain Vigurs (Inverness CT) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. Corner,  Inverness CT. Conceded by Andrew Davies.
Scot Knox carded a three-under-par 67 - matching his first-round score - to finish one shot off the lead. Englishman Casey also shot 67 and is among six players at five under par. Tyrone van Aswegen produced a four-under-par 66 to share the lead with Daniel Berger, Russell Henley and Marc Leishman at seven under. South African Van Aswegen, 34, is looking for his first victory on the PGA Tour. Find out how to get into golf with our special guide. Casey, 39, lost in the play-off in Connecticut last year and is level with former world number one Vijay Singh on the leaderboard. American Bubba Watson chose to defend his Travelers Championship title prior to his appearance at the Rio Olympics and finds himself four shots off the lead and tied for 24th. We've launched a new BBC Sport newsletter, bringing all the best stories, features and video right to your inbox.  You can sign up here.
Rachubka joined Bolton in September 2015, but made only eight appearances for the club before being leaving at the end of last season. The 35-year-old former Manchester United trainee has played over 350 career games in spells with 16 clubs. The Shakers start the new league season with a home game against recently-relegated Charlton on Saturday. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Promoted Edinburgh City started with a 3-2 loss at home to Forfar, and Annan beat Stirling Albion by the same score line. Barry Ferguson's Clyde edged out Montrose 2-1, and Elgin City were 1-0 winners away to Cowdenbeath. Arbroath were held at home by Berwick Rangers in a 1-1 draw at Gayfield. Edinburgh City got off to the worst possible start as David Cox scored a penalty, but Craig Beattie levelled. However, the joy was short-lived as Lewis Milne made it two.  Thomas O'Brien added another late on before Ross Guthrie's consolation strike, while Joe Mbu and Cox both saw red after the final whistle. Annan had to come from behind after Sean Dickson put the visitors ahead, with Ross Forsyth diverting a cross into his own net then David McKenna and Aidan Smith made it three, before Marc McKenzie pulled one back. Matt Flynn's first goal for Clyde gave his side a first win of the season, adding to Dylan Easton's opener after Chris Templeman had levelled with a header. Chris McLeish scored the only goal of the game as Elgin City started with a win, slotting into the bottom corner with his left foot just after the break. Arbroath deservedly took the lead against Berwick when midfielder Martin Scott drove a left-foot strike into the top-right corner, but the visitors fought back through a Steven Thomson equaliser.
Holders Glasgow City joined Hibs in the fourth round with a 3-1 success over Rangers Ladies. Celtic also safely made their progression into the last 16 with a 3-1 win at home to Forfar Farmington. Elsewhere in the third round there were wins for Glasgow Girls, Stirling University, Hearts, Hutchison Vale and Jeanfield Swifts. Hibs are targeting a cup double after landing the SWPL Cup earlier in the season with victory over champions Glasgow City. The two sides meet next weekend on league business, with Hibs trailing leaders City by two points.
Mignon du Preez hit a second ODI century with 116 off 99 balls, helping her side to 272-6. Du Preez added 89 for the sixth wicket with Chloe Tryon (52). Seamer Masabata Klaas removed Ireland's openers cheaply and the Irish, who had lost Friday's first game by 89 runs, were all out for 204. South Africa started strongly with openers Laura Wolvaardt and Trisha Chetty adding 65 in 17 overs, but they lost three wickets in four balls when Lucy O'Reilly removed Chetty for 49 and Andrie Steyn for a first-ball duck at the end of the 30th over. Two balls later, Isobel Joyce bowled Dinesha Devnarain for a duck, and then Sune Luus fell lbw to Ciara Metcalfe for 10 in the 36th over.  South Africa slipped from 140-1 to 168-5 but Du Preez led the charge. She got to her first fifty off 46 balls and needed only 42 balls for the second, stroking 13 fours in the process, to give the Proteas a commanding total. Clare Shillington and wicketkeeper Mary Waldron contributed forties for Ireland, but Klaas, Luus and Yolani Fourie claimed two wickets each to bowl Ireland out in 48. 2 overs. The sides, who drew 1-1 in a Twenty20 series last week, play further ODI matches on Tuesday and Thursday.
After intervention from the Chinese ambassador, it is also now the litmus test for Anglo-China relations under the new regime at Number 10. After EDF's board narrowly agreed to press ahead with the project, the UK government surprised company officials by saying it needed several weeks to consider before signing. The decision to delay is widely thought to have come from Theresa May herself, influenced by Joint Chief of Staff and outspoken critic of China's creeping influence, Nick Timothy. Without China's involvement, this project would not have received EDF board approval. It was seen as a risk sharing mechanism for the French, a prestige project for China and the ushering in of ever-closer Chinese relations. Nevertheless, and perhaps understandably, the prime minister wanted time to think. Well, today's warning from the Chinese ambassador that the relationship between the two countries is at risk has given her plenty to think about. Writing in the Financial Times, Liu Xiaoming made clear that the stakes here are high by linking government approval for Hinkley Point to the future of the relationship which is he said a "crucial historical juncture". No kidding.  In a post Brexit world, Britain needs all the friends it can get and much was made of the importance of forging close trade links with non-EU nations. There may be legitimate security concerns over having sensitive infrastructure assets under Chinese management but a decision to back out will clearly take the shine off the "golden era" of collaboration between the two countries, proclaimed during Xi Jinping's state visit last year. Theresa May is not the only one who wants to take her time.  The French Journal du Dimanche quoted an unnamed EDF manager pointing out the benefits of hitting the pause button. If construction was delayed until 2019 when a similar reactor will be up and running (fingers crossed) at Flamanville in France, the cost of financing the project would fall dramatically. With a working example, EDF could secure cheaper loans with government guarantees rather than self finance through costly equity. That would reduce the threat to EDF's finances, appease the French unions and lower the guaranteed price of the electricity produced from £92. 50 to £75 per megawatt hour - a big saving for UK taxpayers. It would however delay the project another three years at a time when infrastructure spending is seen as crucial to create jobs, stimulate the economy and keep the lights on. Plenty to keep the PM's mind occupied when she heads off for her summer holidays.
Notts' 39-run win against Essex at Trent Bridge on Monday sees them return to the showpiece event at Edgbaston for the first time since 2010. Read, who has won a Lord's one-day final and two County Championship titles with Notts, has been part their two previous Finals Day campaigns. "Maybe this is our year," he said. "We go to Finals Day full of confidence and hopefully pick up some silverware. "The only time Nottinghamshire have reached the final of the competition was in 2006 at Trent Bridge, with the Outlaws missing out on a maiden title when beaten by East Midlands rivals Leicestershire in the decider. Samit Patel ensured Notts progressed on Monday with a superb spell of 4-20 as the visitors collapsed to 123 all out chasing what seemed a modest target of 163. All-rounder Patel said victory brought a sense of "relief from everyone" as Notts had previously fallen at the quarter-final stage in four of the past five years. Talking to BBC Radio Nottingham, the 31-year-old said: "We knew this was a big game for us. "We will watch all the other quarter-finals and do as much homework as we can. "It's good get Finals Day, but we'd like to go on and win it now.
The Aberdeenshire-based company said there had been an "unprecedented response" to its Equity for Punks USA crowdfunding initiative. BrewDog hopes to raise up to $50m within six months to help fund expansion in North America. Plans include a new 100,000 sq ft brewery in Columbus, Ohio. It is scheduled to open later this year. Shares in the funding round cost $47. 50 each, with a minimum investment of $95.  According to BrewDog, more than 1,200 people have already signed up to the scheme. On its website, the company said: "This unprecedented response to our first crowdfunding round in the States shows the demand for our beer in America, and sets us up with a community of like-minded individuals ready and waiting to help us make our US business an explosive success. "Its Equity for Punks USA investment scheme is the fifth fundraising venture by the brewery, and its first in the US.The Ellon-based company has raised more than £26m since launching its first Equity for Punks crowdfunding round in 2009. Its last UK round raised £19m to fund growth plans, including expanding its brewery in Ellon and opening new bars.  The round, which closed in April, fell short of its £25m target. BrewDog's British business now employs more than 600 people globally and exports to 55 countries.  It also operates more than 40 bars in the UK and overseas.
Open-side flanker Sam Underhill has been ruled out for four months with a shoulder injury. McCusker made 133 appearances for Scarlets before moving to London Irish last season, where he played 17 games. The 30-year-old has won 10 caps and joins Ospreys having initially signed for Welsh Premiership club Carmarthen Quins following his release from Irish. "With Sam's injury and one or two others working their way back to full fitness who are not quite there yet, we felt that we needed someone else in to help us through this period," said Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy. "We are fortunate to have someone with Rob's versatility and experience available and have brought him into the environment with a view to him helping us prepare for Zebre at home in the opening round of the Pro12 next month.
Defender Fabio Da Silva is closing in on a Premier League return with promoted Middlesbrough. He could be followed out of the exit door if acceptable bids are made. "We don't want to lose anyone in the group, but [at] any club apart from the top ones, every player has their price and you have buy-out clauses," he said. "In terms of players going, the Fabio one has been well-documented but nothing has changed on that, it is an ongoing process. "Obviously there are a few players at the club we are willing to listen to offers for and that won't change between now and the end of the window. "We talk about it as a club, as a head coach I get a very big say in that, but like any club, players have their prices and if clubs reach that price and turn the players' head, it is very difficult. "If players have high offers, obviously you listen to those offers. "Trollope, who has left the Welsh coaching set-up to focus on his managerial career, says he has spoken with defender Jazz Richards. Richards, formerly a Swansea player, was booed by Cardiff supporters in their season opener at Birmingham for his apparent reluctance to 'do the Ayattolah' - a cult Cardiff celebration which involved tapping your head with both hands. Cardiff even went to the lengths of releasing footage that showed Richards did do the celebration at St Andrews. Trollope told BBC Radio Wales Sport that he does expect Richards to "respect the club's traditions. ""I spoke to Jazz, he is aware of the club's traditions and obligations and it is something that happened during the game that I was not aware of," Trollope explained. "We have got evidence and he assures us that he did it, which I think some of the supporters saw. "But moving forward I don't think it will be a problem. "He performed at a good level for us on Saturday, we were pleased with his contribution, but we don't need these things going on around it. "He's aware of our expectations.  He was focused on the game and he did it, that's the main thing and it is a learning curve for him for the next games as to what he should be doing. "Cardiff travel to Trollope's former club Bristol Rovers tomorrow night for a clash in the first round of the EFL Cup.
The anti-IS group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently said a water pumping station had been hit, along with the Taj Hall and Furousiya area. IS-linked news agency Amaq  also said Raqqa's water supply had been cut. Russia said its bombers had targeted an arms depot, a chemical weapons factory and a training camp. A defence ministry statement said the strikes had inflicted "significant damage" and that a large number of militants had been killed. Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently (RBSS), whose activists have reported on developments on the ground in Raqqa since IS militants seized control of the city in early 2014, said the water pumping station hit in Thursday's strikes was located in the nearby village of Kasrat. Residents found their water had been cut off "totally" afterwards, it added. Amaq also reported the "interruption of the water supply in all neighbourhoods". RBSS said 20 civilians had been killed and 50 others wounded in the air strikes, but the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights put the death toll higher. It said 24 civilians had died, along with six others whose identities could not yet be confirmed. Raqqa, estimated to have a population of between 250,000 and 500,000, has become the de facto capital of the "caliphate" whose creation was proclaimed by IS two years ago after it took control of large swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq.
The 30-year-old defender has made 200 appearances for the Rams since joining from Coventry City in 2012. A Republic of Ireland international, Keogh made two appearances at Euro 2016 as Ireland reached the knockout stages. "He's an important player, on and off the pitch, so it's great news that he has committed his future for the next three years. " boss Nigel Pearson said.
Mist caused problems early in the day but Dunlop was quickly on the pace with a speed of 121. 65mph on his Superstock. The Ballymoney man then secured pole on the BMW Superbike with 131. 783, just faster than Peter Hickman's 131. 063. Neil Kernohan won the Dundrod 150 Lightweight race, with Christian Elkin taking the Ultra-Lightweight honours. Ballymena rider Kernohan finished ahead of runner-up Davy Morgan, Paul Robinson, Paul Owen and Olie Linsdell. Elkin repeated his Armoy success of two weeks ago, coming home first on his Moto3 machine, followed by Sam Wilson and Derek McGee on 125cc bikes. Gary Dunlop, son of the late, legendary Joey, claimed a creditable fourth place on his debut at the event, with female competitor Melissa Kennedy fifth. Graham Kennedy took the flag in the National race and David Jackson in the Challenge event. The Dundrod 150 Superbike race was cancelled due to deteriorating visibility after the initial race had been red-flagged following an incident, which was not serious. The leaders had completed two laps, with Michael Dunlop just in front of Bruce Anstey, Ian Hutchinson and lap-one leader Conor Cummins when proceedings were brought to a halt. Meanwhile, New Zealander Anstey clocked the fastest time for Saturday's two Supersport races, edging out Yamaha-mounted Hutchinson by 1. 7 seconds, with Manxman Cummins third. The 600cc qualifying session was halted prematurely after an incident at Flow Bog, which resulted in a rider being taken to hospital with non life-threatening injuries. A seven-race programme is scheduled for Saturday, with roads closing at 09:30 BST.Superbike practice times - 1 Michael Dunlop 131. 783 mph; 2 Peter Hickman 131. 063; 3 Bruce Anstey; 4 Ian Hutchinson 130. 13; 5 Dean Harrison 129. 92; 6 Conor Cummins 129. 335. Superstock practice times - 1 Michael Dunlop 121. 625 mph; 2 Derek Sheils 120. 779; 3 Steve Mercer 120. 718; 4 Jamie Coward 120. 19; 5 Conor Cummins 119. 926; 6 Bruce Anstey 119. 508Supersport practice times - 1 Bruce Anstey 125. 94 mph; 2 Ian Hutchinson 124. 90; 3 Conor Cummins 124. 53; 4 Dean Harrison 124. 11; 5 William Dunlop 123. 65; 6 Peter Hickman 123. 58Saturday 13 August race schedule - Roads closed from 09:30 BST to 20:30 for Ulster Grand Prix race meeting: Superstock (6 laps), Supersport Race 1 (6 laps), Ultralightweight/Lightweight (5 laps), UGP Superbike Race (7 laps), Supertwins (5 laps), Supersport Race 2 (6 laps), Superbike Race 2 (6 laps).
If Wydad Casablanca of Morocco defeat visiting ASEC Mimosas of Ivory Coast on Sunday in Group A, Wydad and Zesco will qualify for the semi-finals of Africa's premier club football competition. Zesco have eight points, Wydad seven, Ahly five and ASEC four in a mini-league where head-to-head records count in the event of a tie. Ahly, who needed maximum points to keep up their hopes of progressing, dominated possession for much of the match in  Alexandria. But Zesco, looking for a first semi-finals appearance, were quick on the counter-attack, and frustrated the Egyptians who are managed by former Tottenham boss Martin Jol. Kenya's Jesse Were took advantage of slack marking to nod the Zambians into a sixth-minute lead with  Rami Rabia levelling on the half hour. Were struck again five minutes later, hitting the ball across goalkeeper Ahmed Adel into the far corner. Veteran striker Emad Meteb was brought on in the second half and snatched an 85th-minute equaliser for the Egyptians. His penalty area bicycle kick deflected off Kenyan David Owino, leaving goalkeeper Jacob Banda stranded. The result means that a semi-final place could be secured for Zesco and Wydad Casablanca, if Wydad can beat ASEC Mimosas on Sunday. Wydad, coached by Wales-born former Real Madrid manager John Toshack, want to get back on the winning trail in Rabat. They have taken only one point of a possible six off Ahly after beating ASEC and Zesco. The loss of form by star striker Reda Hajhouj must be a worry as he has fired four straight blanks in group matches after scoring six goals in six qualifiers. Since shocking Ahly in Alexandria, 1998 champions ASEC have faltered, losing away and drawing at home against Zesco. Mamelodi Sundowns of South Africa have won Group B thanks to three consecutive victories, leaving Zamalek of Egypt and Enyimba of Nigeria to fight for the second semi-finals spot. Five-time African champions Zamalek beat Enyimba away and one point from the return match in Cairo Sunday will guarantee their progress, if only on head-to-head records.
The line between Oxford and Didcot Parkway was closed for 16 days while flood prevention work took place at Hinksey. The tracks at Hinksey run alongside the River Thames and have flooded 11 times in 14 years. They have been raised 60cm (24in) and culverts have been built to allow water to flow underneath the line. Replacement buses were used during the period the line was closed. Oxford Station manager Richard Fry said the improvements would "bring Brunel's railway into the 21st Century".
Media playback is not supported on this deviceDusmatov, 23, was awarded a unanimous points victory - two judges scoring the fight 30-27, and one 29-28. Martinez, 24, is the first Olympic boxing finalist from Colombia. The United States' Nico Hernandez, 20, and 19-year-old Cuban world champion Joahnys Argilagos took bronze after losing in the semi-finals. Find out how to get into boxing with our special guide. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Welsh swimmer added 800m freestyle silver to her 400m freestyle medal after being beaten again by record-breaking American Katie Ledecky. "I finally started believing in myself," Carlin told BBC Sport. "I have been working with a sports psychologist on that side of things as well and not just the physical side. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe 2014 Commonwealth and European 800m freestyle champion was beaten by Ledecky, who took nearly two seconds off her own world record to win nearly 12 seconds clear of Carlin. The 19-year-old from the United States became the first woman since 1968 to do an Olympic cleansweep of the 200m, 400m and 800m freestyle titles to win her fourth gold medal of the Rio Games. Carlin, who missed the London 2012 Games because of illness, celebrated her "incredible feeling" after years of upheaval after changing coaches and moving training bases to Bath under Dave McNulty's guidance. "It has been tough," admitted the 24-year-old. "I relocated to the Bath programme two years ago and changed coaches and change where I live. "So to come away with a silver medal is an incredible feeling. "Carlin won the fifth Welsh silver of the 2016 Games in the pool just hours after cyclist Owain Doull won Wales' first gold in Rio in the team pursuit. Carlin is just the second post-war Welsh athlete to win two medals at one Olympic Games - alongside double equestrian champion Richard Meade at Munich in 1972 - and becomes one of the most successful Welsh swimmers ever,Irene Steer is the only Welsh female swimmer to win an Olympic title - in the 4x100m relay at the 1912 Games in Stockholm.  David Davies has won two Olympic medals - a 1,500m bronze in 2004 and open water silver in 2008. Carlin became the first Welsh female swimmer for 80 years to win two medals in one Commonwealth Games in 2010, then became the first Welsh female swimmer to win a Commonwealth title in 40 years when she struck gold in Glasgow two years ago. Former double Olympic champion Rebecca Adlington praised Carlin's silver double at Rio and insists her success in Brazil has "written off" any disappointment from London 2012. "The fact she has backed up silver in the 400m and come away with two silver medals at an Olympic Games is just fantastic, " said Adlington.  "I think she will be over the moon.
The 28-year-old Wales international has been with the Cherries since 2011, during which time they have progressed from League One to the Premier League. MacDonald came through the Swansea youth system and has had four stints out on loan at Yeovil. "He is a terrific pro who understands the way we want to play," boss Gary Caldwell told the club website. He is not available for the Latics' game against Blackburn on Saturday, 13 August but is registered for matches after this weekend. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceBolt cruised through in Rio in 10. 07 seconds, as American rival Justin Gatlin qualified fastest in 10. 01. Britain's CJ Ujah (10. 13) and James Dasaolu (10. 18) went through as the eighth and 19th fastest qualifiers, but James Ellington (10. 29) is out. The semi-finals take place on Monday from 01:00 BST, with the final scheduled for 02:25 BST."I'm happy to get the first one out, it felt OK," said Bolt.  "It wasn't the best start.  Hopefully tomorrow I can go much smoother, I'm feeling good, I'm happy. "Now it's all about execution and getting it right when it comes to the final. "Christine Ohuruogu booked her place in the semi-finals of the women's 400m. The 32-year-old, champion in Beijing in 2008 and silver medallist in London four years ago, looked smooth as she clocked 51. 40 seconds to finish second in her heat to American Natasha Hastings. British champion Emily Diamond clocked 51. 76 to finish fourth and go through as a fastest loser, but Serena Bundy-Davies finished last in her heat.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceCavendish, who has won 30 stages at the Tour de France, came sixth in the first of six events - the scratch race. He was second fastest in the individual pursuit and seventh in the elimination race with three more events on Monday. Becky James broke the women's sprint Olympic record in qualification and is in Monday's quarter-finals along with fellow Briton Katy Marchant. Cavendish, 31, began his campaign with a hard-fought sixth-placed finish in the scratch race, after Denmark's Lasse Norman Hansen, the London 2012 Olympic champion and Roger Kluge took the top two spots by gaining a lap on the field. In the individual pursuit, Cavendish recorded a time of four minutes 16. 878 seconds and caught reigning world champion Colombian Fernando Gaviria Rendon in the process. That temporarily gave the Manxman the outright lead, before Hansen set a new Olympic record of 4:14:982, beating Sir Bradley Wiggins' time set in 2008, to win his second event in a row. However, Hansen dropped from first to sixth overall after he was the first rider to fall out of the elimination race which sees the rider in last position at the end of every second lap ejected from the race. Cavendish was looking comfortable as other riders dropped out but he was ejected, despite not being the last rider over the line, when he overtook a rider while off the inside of the track, and was awarded seventh place. France's Thomas Boudat, the 2014 world champion, leads on 106 points, two more than Italy's Elia Viviani who won the elimination race, with Cavendish third on 96 points. The fourth event - the time trial - starts at 14:21 BST on Monday, before the flying lap and points race events. Wales' James won a silver medal in the keirin on Saturday and maintained her good form on Sunday as she set a new Olympic record during the sprint qualification. James recorded a time of 10. 721 seconds to beat the 10. 724 set by fellow Briton Victoria Pendleton at the 2012 Olympics in London. That saw James become the fastest qualifier and she comfortably beat Olga Ismayilova of Azerbaijan by a margin of 0. 165 secs to move into the quarter-finals, which take place from 14:00 BST on Monday. Marchant also advanced in style as she defeated Canada's Monique Sullivan after posting the second fastest qualification time. Australia's defending champion Anna Meares was beaten by Lithuania's Simona Krupeckaite but won a repechage race to reach the last eight. Media playback is not supported on this deviceSubscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
A Chinook helicopter from RAF Odiham in Hampshire was sent to recover the wreckage. Five people were on the training aircraft when it was forced to land on Yr Aran in Snowdonia on 9 August. All five escaped unhurt, but black smoke could be seen billowing from the peak for miles around. Five people - four military and one civilian - were on board the Griffin helicopter from RAF Valley on Anglesey when it made what the Ministry of Defence called a  "precautionary landing". A sixth person involved in the training exercise was already on the mountain when the crew had to land. The exercise involved the helicopter picking people up and putting them back down on the peak.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe 21-year-old was fifth with 250 metres remaining before powering through to win a time of three minutes 31. 447 seconds. The Czech Republic's Josef Dostal took silver in 3:32. 145, and Russia's Roman Anoshkin won bronze in 3:33. 363. Walz has an English father and a German mother, but grew up in Majorca, Spain. Find out how to get into canoeing with our special guide. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Batsman Godleman, 27, has signed a two-year contract, while Thakor, 22, has agreed a three-year deal. Thakor has scored 606 runs at an average of 67, and taken 22 wickets at an average of 31, in nine County Championship matches this summer. Godleman this week scored 100 against former club Essex - his third century in his last eight Championship innings. He joined Derbyshire in 2012 after being released by Essex, while Thakor was signed from Leicestershire at the end of the 2014 season. Head coach John Sadler said: "To secure Shiv's services for the next three years is brilliant for the club. "He is a big player for us across all three formats and someone we can build our team around. "He worked extremely hard over the winter and he's reaped the rewards this season. "He has been brilliant and he is only going to get better and better.
The Canaries, who won thanks to Jonny Howson's goal, are second in the Championship with two wins from three. "The first 10 minutes were quite even but after that we were in control of the game.  We hit the woodwork a few times," Neil told BBC Radio Norfolk. "If our passing in the final third was a bit slicker we would have had more chances.  I think we deserved to win. "Neil continued: "I can't really remember too many opportunities for them to score, if any. "The first goal is crucial because it mucks up their gameplan because they need to come out and leaves us more space to go and exploit. "Norwich were relegated from the Premier League last season with 67 goals conceded, the joint-second-most in the division. But they have kept clean sheets in their last two home games, and Neil said: "That's going to be key going forward. "(A lack of clean sheets) was a criticism of us last season and something we want to try to fix.  In the last two games it's been better.
The 27-year-old, who has two senior international caps for Sweden, is unattached after leaving the Premier League club in July. The former Udinese man initially joined the Hornets on loan in 2012, before signing on a free transfer in July 2013, making 100 appearances in total. "We are in the market for a centre-half," Johnson told BBC Radio Bristol. "It's the one area we are probably a bit light.  We invited him in. "There is no pressure from either side at the moment.  We are just assessing the situation but also the options in the market.
The four national football associations were unable to agree on sending Great Britain teams to Rio. Sampson, who led England to a bronze medal at the 2015 World Cup, described the situation as "frustrating". "I've watched the tournament and I believe this team would have won the gold medal," he said. "This group of players did earn the right to go to an Olympics and represent themselves and their country, but it's been taken away from them". England captain Steph Houghton, who scored three goals at London 2012 for Great Britain, added that it was "very disappointing" to not go to Rio. "That was originally our place - the place that we won at the World Cup, and it's hard, but at the same time there's no point about complaining we can't be there," she added. England's Football Association had put forward the idea of sending Great Britain teams to the Olympics, but Fifa said it would need the agreement of the ruling bodies in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, who were against it. Stewart Regan, the Scottish Football Association's chief executive, has been among those to voice concerns that a Great Britain team would threaten the separate status of the home nations at future international tournaments such as World Cups.
Christie would like to see a minimum of five home-grown players in every match squad and feels too many managers are afraid to play youngsters. "It would make clubs put more resources into their youth systems," he told BBC Scotland. "It would make managers give young boys a chance at an earlier age. "Christie's son Ryan, now a Celtic forward, and midfielder Liam Polworth established themselves as teenagers at Inverness and Christie senior puts that down to the bravery of former manager John Hughes, who left the club this summer. "I'll tell you right now that Liam Polworth and Ryan Christie would not have played at the time that they did had it not been for John Hughes having the guts to play them," said Christie. "There is no way that [Hughes' predecessor] Terry Butcher would have played these boys. "The club have now got Liam playing 30, 40 games a season and have made big money off the other lad, so they've been proved right. "We've got good players in our youth system, but it takes a brave manager to play them.  There should be a rule in Scottish football to do it.  If we want to make the game better in this country, we need to do something about it. "It's about giving them light at the end of the tunnel.  It's not just at our club, but every club.  Managers play it safe and tend to go for experienced boys and they don't do that on the continent. "I've been to Switzerland, I've been to Italy, to Spain, to Greece, to see how they do it.  They have a bigger emphasis on giving younger boys a chance, if they're good enough. "Christie - who managed Caley Thistle between 2006 and 2007 - believes there are more youngsters in the Inverness youth set-up who have the potential to progress to the first team, now managed by Richie Foran. Like his son, Christie also joined Celtic during his playing career but he could not establish himself in the side and returned to playing in the Highlands. He was wary about his son making the same move, but says that he benefited from former Celtic manager Ronny Deila's coaching and can now flourish under his successor, Brendan Rodgers. "Brendan has come in and Ryan has really bought into his ideas," Christie added. "It's going to be difficult for him, they've got lots of good, quality, talented players. "He wanted the challenge and feels he can better himself, become fitter, stronger, faster, and the good thing for me, speaking to the Scotland Under-21 coaches, when he played last year they felt he has improved.
The Zimbabwean hit 10 boundaries in his 207-ball knock before he was lbw to left-arm spinner Jack Leach (3-77). Leach earlier bowled England batsman James Vince for a third-ball duck as the visitors struggled to 92-4. Ryan McLaren, though, scored 61 as he and Ervine added 118, while Lewis McManus was 41 not out at the close. Hampshire are second from bottom of the table but defeated Nottinghamshire in their last outing, while Somerset are fifth, 35 points behind leaders Middlesex. Lewis Gregory struck the first blow for the home side by bowling Jimmy Adams in the fourth over of play. Will Smith and Vince followed in successive overs as Somerset wasted no time in bringing their two spinners, Leach and Roelof van der Merwe, into the attack. Paceman Craig Overton was awarded his county cap during the lunch interval but went through the day wicketless, and it was Leach ended the partnership between Ervine and McLaren by having the latter caught by Tom Abell at short leg. Hampshire all-rounder Sean Ervine told BBC Radio Solent:"We looked at the wicket and we all saw it was going to spin. "They bowled well up front and obviously the partnership with Ryan McLaren was hugely important and great for us. "He played very well and was a bit unlucky - it was a great catch at short leg. "We had a game plan, I guess it helped us being left-handed, and just had to bide our time and try and hit the bad balls.
In July, Conor McGinn, who is from south Armagh, claimed the Labour leader suggested phoning his father. It followed an interview in which he called for Mr Corbyn to "reach out beyond his comfort zone". A spokesman for Mr Corbyn said at the time that it was "untrue". The St Helens MP told BBC Radio Four's Westminster Hour: "The modus operandi that he (Mr Corbyn) and the people around him were trying to do, involving my family, was to isolate and ostracise me from them and from the community I am very proud to come from -  which is an Irish, nationalist community in south Armagh. "The MP claimed that after he spoke out about Mr Corbyn in May, he got a call from the Labour whips' office saying the party leader had initially asked for his resignation and then considered sacking him. But subsequently, through his spokesman, he had asked for an apology and retraction, which Mr McGinn refused to make. The MP said he then texted the Labour leader to make clear no offence was intended and reiterate that their friendship was important to him and asking for a meeting. He received no response, but said he was then informed by the whips' office that Mr Corbyn had proposed asking the MP's father, Pat, to intervene. Pat McGinn was Sinn Féin councillor in Newry for many years, serving as the council's mayor between 2005 and 2006.
The $43bn (£33bn) deal is set to be the biggest ever foreign takeover by a Chinese company. The deal was cleared by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) which checks deals for national security implications. About a quarter of  Syngenta's sales are in North America. China National Chemical Corporation offered $465 per share for Syngenta in February.  Syngenta's shares subsequently fell to about 20% below that because of concerns that CFIUS would not clear the deal. However, now competition authorities elsewhere are expected to give the deal the go-ahead. In a joint statement, Syngenta and ChemChina said: "In addition to CFIUS clearance, the closing of the transaction is subject to anti-trust review by numerous regulators around the world and other customary closing conditions. "Both companies are working closely with the regulatory agencies involved and discussions remain constructive.  The proposed transaction is expected to close by the end of the year. "When the deal was announced earlier this year, Syngenta chairman Michel Demaré said that it would help the company's pesticides and seeds business to expand further in China. "ChemChina has a very ambitious vision of the industry in the future," he said.  "Obviously it is very interested in securing food supply for 1. 5 billion people and as a result knows that only technology can get them there. "The Chinese company owns a variety of businesses, included the Italian tyre maker Pirelli, German machinery-maker KarussMaffei and Israel's biggest pesticides producer. The deal would be the second-biggest takeover in the chemicals industry in the past year after the $130bn Dow Chemical-DuPont merger announced last December.
The move comes a day after the Cincinnati Zoo said it was "not amused" by enduring memes over the gorilla's death. Staff members fatally shot Harambe in May after a three-year-old boy climbed into his enclosure. The death was subject to controversy, prompting angry tweets and petitions. Zoo 'not amused' by Harambe memesCincinnati Zoo director Thane Maynard said on Monday the staff was "still healing" from the incident and the outpour of online memes and satire was making it difficult to move on from Harambe's loss. The 17-year-old gorilla's death sparked international outrage and the boy's mother faced online scrutiny regarding her parenting skills. Prosecutors decided not to press charges against the mother. The zoo reopened its Gorilla World exhibit in June.  The exhibit included reinforced barrier designed to prevent further accidents. But online, numerous memes, petitions and hashtags such as #JusticeForHarambe cropped up in the gorilla's honour.  Over time, Harembe became popular shorthand in social media humour. Some pranksters called for the animal to be put on the dollar bill, while a poll in Texas suggested he would receive 2% of the popular vote in the US presidential election. The memes took a racist turn in June when retired Australian football player Adam Goodes and Ghostbusters actress Leslie Jones were compared to an image of Harambe. Mr Maynard's Twitter account was also hacked over the weekend. The zoo's Twitter account was continuously flooded with references to Harambe before it was erased on Tuesday.  For every Tweet they posted, no matter the subject, the zoo received dozens of replies referencing the gorilla.
Vaughan joined Blues permanently from Huddersfield in the summer after a loan spell last season but has featured just once this term. The 28-year-old former Everton, Derby, Leicester and Norwich striker is the Premier League's youngest ever scorer at 16 years and 271 days. Vaughan has signed a two-year deal and can play against Walsall on Saturday. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The adaptation will be based on the critically-acclaimed first book in the Noughts and Crosses series, set in a dystopian society where black people are the ruling class. It tells the forbidden interracial love story between Sephy, a "Cross" and politician's daughter; and Callum, a "Nought" and member of the underclass. The drama is expected to air next year. Blackman, who was the children's laureate from 2013-15, said she was "beyond thrilled" her book was being dramatised. "Callum and Sephy seem to have meant a lot to readers over the years and I'm excited at the prospect of watching them on my TV," she said. The series is being produced by Mammoth Screen, the company behind hit BBC drama Poldark. The commission was announced at the Edinburgh Television Festival by director of BBC Content Charlotte Moore as part of a new raft of programming designed to "reflect the diversity of modern Britain". Also announced were three new original drama series and two factual programmes:Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram, or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Pavlina Pizova said she and Ondrej Petr began hiking the Routeburn track in Fiordland National Park on 26 July, but got lost in bad conditions. After one night in the open, Petr, 27, slipped in a steep ice slope and died, Ms Pizova told reporters. She said she spent the night with his body before moving on to find shelter. She then stayed in a hut for almost a month. Ms Pizova was found by a search team near Lake Mackenzie on Wednesday.  Rescuers said she was "ecstatic" to be found and was in reasonable health. Rescuers were alerted after Czech Consul Vladka Kennett spotted "a random Facebook post" by concerned relatives of Ms Pizova at home in the Czech Republic. Ms Pizova was taken to hospital where she was interviewed by police, who described the case as "very unusual". She told police that she and Petr, who was also Czech, set out to hike the Routeburn track between Mount Aspiring and Fiordland National Parks. "The conditions were extreme.  We encountered heavy snowfall and low cloud which contributed to our enforced overnighting in the open," Ms Pizova told a press conference. "In our attempt to reach the hut, the tragic accident happened. "Ms Kennett said the hiker was unable to save her partner. "Pavlina slipped behind him, and was unable to help him out, and that was it," Ms Kennett said.  "She stayed with him for the first night, beside him, because first of all she wanted to be with him, and she couldn't move any further due to the weather conditions. "Petr's body has now been recovered by police and a coroner's inquiry launched. Ms Pizova then spent another night out in the open, Ms Kennett said, stuffing all of her things into her sleeping bag and rubbing her feet continuously to avoid frostbite and hypothermia. She later reached Lake Mackenzie Hut, 2km away, and broke in to the warden's quarters through a window.  There she found food, firewood and supplies.  She would stay in the small hut for nearly a month. Ms Pizova attempted twice to walk out from the hut but was discouraged by the poor state of her feet and the deep snow.  She used fire ash to make a letter ``H'' in the snow to signal for help. "As you can imagine the last month was very harrowing for me," she said. "She is an extremely tough woman," Ms Kennett added. No search was launched initially as the couple had neither registered their hike with authorities nor were carrying emergency locator beacons. After being alerted to the Facebook post, police found the couple's car, apparently parked for some time at one end of their route, and used a search helicopter to help locate Ms Pizova. The Routeburn track usually takes a few days to complete. Local police Insp Olaf Jensen said it was "very unusual for someone to be missing in the New Zealand bush for such a long period without it being reported", the New Zealand Herald reported. "I appreciate there are a number of unanswered questions, however, until we can piece together exactly what has happened we are unable to say anything further.
The former Sharks scrum-half is suing the club for alleged clinical negligence over a concussion injury. "It puts club medical staff and doctors in a very, very difficult situation," Exeter director of rugby Rob Baxter told BBC Sport. "If a player can suddenly turn around and start suing a rugby club, at what stage will it stop?"Baxter added: "I think the majority of past concussion situations have been dealt with very professionally and very well. "My big concern is, are we going to create - if we are not very careful - a scenario for our medical staff where they are almost having to drag players off the field just in case? That's the big worry for me. "Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall said: "If you put yourself in the shoes of the medic, it's almost an impossible job.  Would they want to return someone to the field of play if they have been taken off for an assessment now?"In 2014 the head injury assessment (HIA) was introduced, replacing the shorter and less comprehensive pitch-side concussion assessment (PSCA). Any player who has suffered a head injury must have an HIA to determine whether they are fit to return to the field of play. But McCall feels teams should be able to bring back on players who have been substituted on tactical grounds, in the event of a replacement suffering concussion. "For us coaches there is the possibility of being reduced to 14 men because a sub fails his concussion test," said McCall. "That is a ludicrous state of affairs.  We want player safety, but it should be like a blood bin and we should be able to bring a replaced player back on the field and make sure teams stay at 15. "Baxter added: "Everything is so grey, that to really protect yourself, you could easily see 10 HIAs in a game.  We just have to be a bit careful about where it will end up. "Wasps boss Dai Young said: "The Willis case could set a dangerous precedent.  Let's hope it doesn't go down that path, but we all have total trust in our medics. "We are all fully aware of concussion, but it is putting a lot of pressure on our medics now, and putting them under the microscope. "Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Tidal energy specialist Nova Innovation said this was the first offshore tidal array in the world to deliver electricity to the grid. Two 100kW turbines have been installed so far in the Shetland Tidal Array at Bluemull Sound. The blades for the turbines were made by Shetland Composites. Edinburgh-based Nova Innovation said tidal energy was a "long-term source" of predictable renewable power, with the turbines generating to full power across all tidal conditions. Simon Forrest, managing director of Nova Innovation, said: "We are absolutely delighted to be the first company in the world to deploy a fully operational tidal array. "Mr Forrest said the deployment of the second turbine showcased the technology. The UK Carbon Trust estimates a Â£126bn global tidal energy market could be developed by 2050. WWF Scotland said the turbines were another "major milestone" on Scotland's journey to becoming a "fully renewable nation". The charity's director in Scotland, Lang Banks, added: "With some of the most powerful tides in Europe, Scotland is well placed to lead in developing this promising technology, which will help to cut climate emissions and create green jobs right across the country. "Jenny Hogan, director of policy at Scottish Renewables, said: "Scotland is already at the forefront of capturing power from the tides and waves, and Nova's latest news demonstrates that lead is well-deserved. "The country is already home to some of the most advanced marine energy technologies anywhere, as well as the European Marine Energy Centre: arguably the most advanced marine energy proving site in the world. "With companies like Nova and others all working on developing this cutting-edge technology, the sector holds huge promise for the future.
The killings are thought to have taken place last year on a ranch in the western state of Michoacan last year. President Enrique Pena Nieto said he had dismissed Mr Galindo to allow for a transparent investigation. Earlier this month Mexico's National Human Rights Commission accused police of tampering with evidence. Michoacan: Mexico's failed state?One police officer and 42 suspects were killed in the raid on a ranch in Tanhuato in May last year. Officers said they had returned fire in self-defence but the high death toll aroused suspicions. The human rights commission report accused police of planting guns on some suspects and moving bodies to bolster the official version that all the deaths occurred during a gun battle. Mr Galindo and National Security Commissioner Renato Sales have denied anyone was summarily killed and insisted officers used necessary force against highly armed criminals. Police used a Black Hawk helicopter during the operation, reportedly firing some 4,000 rounds into the ranch, known as the Rancho del Sol, during the initial assault. The helicopter itself was hit by gunfire, investigators found. In its report (in Spanish; warning: contains graphic images), the CNDH asserts that:Michoacan has become one of Mexico's most violent states because of the rivalry between cartels.
Ceding control of ARM is an example of the City mindset of "don't back [the] British economy", he told the BBC.But Treasury advisor Eileen Burbidge said the sale was a "great deal". On Tuesday, 95% of ARM shareholders voted to back the acquisition by Softbank. Lord Myners said ARM, which provides chip designs used by firms including Apple, was a company "at the heart of the ecosystem of modern technologies". He said control of ARM was now passing to a "very heavily-indebted, very unfocused business in Japan which does not have a good record of buying foreign companies and continuing to invest in them". Decisions on the company's future would be made in Tokyo rather than Cambridge, he said. Lord Myners added that commitments made by Softbank to the UK government to double the number of UK employees over the next five years and to keep the headquarters of the firm in Cambridge were "probably not legally enforceable". "If ARM was an American company, a German, a French company or a Japanese company, it would not be able to be sold in 60 days - there would be a question of national significance and public policy to determine whether we should sell," he said. However, Ms Burbidge said the £24. 3bn deal was at a 43% premium above the closing share price the day before the deal was announced. "It's obviously a very good deal for shareholders, [and] for a company that generated just shy of £1bn in turnover last year, it represents. . .  a really great multiple and demonstrates that Softbank saw a lot of growth potential and opportunity in the company," she said. She added that on the question of control, the company's designs were in 95% of the world's smartphones, so it was already making operational decisions based on a client base which was mainly outside the UK."It was being led by technology advances in [phone] handsets. . .  by people outside of the UK, mostly from Asia, a lot from the North American companies, and so a lot of it was being defined by the market anyway.
About 50 arrived in the city in May and the families have spent the last three months settling in to their new lives. A total of 98 refugees have now arrived in Northern Ireland since the conflict.  The first group of Syrian refugees arrived in December 2015. The war in Syria has claimed the lives of more than 250,000 people. Some of the refugees in Derry were at the North West Regional College on Tuesday to find out more about learning courses. Bayan Khello, 18, had to leave many of her family behind including her brother who is currently in Germany. Bayan spoke to BBC Radio Foyle through an interpreter. "I still have family in Turkey and Aleppo, the sons of my cousin are still there, we have put in an application to have our family unified here. "My uncle and my cousin were killed in the war.  My cousin was going back from his work when a sniper shot him in the chest.  That was one of my worst days," she said. Bayan, who wears a free Syria wristband in the colours of her native country, said she did not want to leave her home. "I didn't want to leave Aleppo, I wasn't eating for two months.  Then my father told me 'We have to live our life now, we have to make a new start'. "I saw houses knocked down with children underneath, its time to end this war, its enough. "Bayan, who has a degree in accountancy, said she does not yet know what kind of life she will have in Northern Ireland, but she wants to study hard and learn English. Yasser Al Satton left his home in Syria after chemical weapons were used in the area. "Within the last month the house of one my relations was bombed and ten people were killed. "Everything that comes to your mind, we lived it and we saw it.  One of my relation's lost both of his hands when a bomb exploded. "If we had hope that the war would end we would have stayed but I don't believe the war will end," he said. Yasser said that he was adjusting to his new life in the North West very well. A particular highlight was how friendly the people of Derry have been. "Everybody says: 'Hello, how are you, how are you doing, what's the craic?" he added.
A report to its executive committee seeks approval to get the process under way during this school year. The local authority is carrying out the review against a background of "ongoing financial challenges". However, it stressed that it was not simply about making savings but also delivering benefits. But what are some of the key issues to be addressed?Councillors are being recommended to start statutory consultation on the closure of three schools in the region. Eccles/Leitholm Primary, Ettrick Primary and Hobkirk Primary have already been mothballed. A full report on their position is likely to be delivered later this year. The viability and provision of the existing four Roman Catholic schools in the Borders has been a "considerable challenge for the council over a number of years". In 2012, one head teacher was put in place for all of  them. Now the authority hopes to carry out further informal consultation on the best way forward. It would consider school leadership structures, the continuation of provision in four locations, staff recruitment and the quality of education. The council is proposing to engage with all its rural schools with less than 50 pupils over the sustainability of those numbers. Staff will attend parent council meetings at the schools involved. Discussion on the future of education provision in the towns of Jedburgh, Eyemouth, Hawick and Galashiels is also planned. Phase one of the review would also see a Selkirk schools catchment review involving Yarrow, Kirkhope, Philiphaugh and Knowepark Primaries. The second phase, to start in the following school year, would look at the Berwickshire, Earlston, Kelso and Peebles school clusters. A review of school transport policy has also been promised before the end of 2017/18. Councillor Sandy Aitchison said: "The principle of the school estate review is to look at our buildings and locations with a view to increasing educational opportunities, improving outcomes for children and young people and ensuring that our school estate is sustainable, affordable and suitable for the future. "The pre-consultation with parents, pupils and communities has given us a 'warts and all' assessment of our schools from these key stakeholders. "Going forward, these views will be taken into account in the next stage of our discussions and in the formal proposals we will take out to public consultation. "The school estate review as a whole, and the actions identified following the specific consultations to take place, are not going to be an overnight process and we are committed to fully engaging with parents, pupils, staff and wider community as we progress with the review over the coming months and years.
The 29-year-old joined the U's on a free in May 2015 but has made only six appearances for the League Two side. He spent part of last season on loan at Stevenage and has also spent time with Luton and Preston. "I'm very excited to be here.  I've worked hard throughout pre-season and I'm desperate to get back playing football," Keane told the club website. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Striker Kashket scored one goal in 22 appearances for the O's and has joined on a contract until 31 December. Gape, 21, was captain of Southampton's Under-21 side last season and has made one Premier League appearance. The pair join amid an injury crisis that has left more than a third of the Chairboys squad in the treatment room. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The Australian author died in the coastal town of Byron Bay in New South Wales state surrounded by family. Oz often covered taboo topics including homosexuality, abortion, police brutality and censorship. The magazine was caught up in a high-profile obscenity trial in the UK in 1971. "Our wonderful Richard has gone on to his next adventure," Ms Clarke Neville said in a statement posted on Facebook. "He died tonight in Bryon Bay surrounded by all of us - Julie, Lucy, Angelica and Ricardo.
Marcel Lazar, known online as "Guccifer", pleaded guilty in May on charges of aggravated identify theft and unauthorised access of a computer. Lazar, who targeted former Secretary of State Colin Powell and the Bush family, was arrested on hacking charges in Romania in 2014 and given four years. He was extradited to the US to face charges in March 2016. The 44-year-old inadvertently uncovered Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's private email account in 2013 after hacking the account of her former political adviser, Sidney Blumenthal. Two years later, it was revealed that Mrs Clinton exclusively used her personal account, which was connected to a private server at her New York residence, while serving as secretary of state. Mrs Clinton's use of private email while at the State Department became the subject of an FBI investigation and has dogged her on the campaign trail. Earlier this year Lazar claimed he had hacked into her private server, but the Clinton campaign has denied there was any such breach. The FBI also has said there is no evidence to prove he had hacked her. Lazar, a former taxi driver in Romania, is believed to have hacked into about 100 US email accounts between 2012 and 2014. In June, a hacker who goes by the alias "Guccifer 2. 0" claimed data breaches on the Democratic National Committee and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. US intelligence officials have said they believe Guccifer 2. 0 is linked to Russian intelligence services, suggesting that the hack was state-sponsored. There is no known connection between Lazar and Guccifer 2. 0.
Wiggins and Cavendish are among eight medallists from the 2016 Olympic Games to be involved, along with Dutch road race silver medallist Tom Dumoulin. Owain Doull, who won team pursuit gold with GB in Rio and was third in the 2015 Tour of Britain, will also race. The eight-day event concludes in London on 11 September. "The field for this year's Tour of Britain is without parallel, with star quality wherever you look among the teams," said race director Mick Bennett. Thirty-time Tour de France stage winner Cavendish will make his first appearance since winning omnium silver at the Olympics, in a field that also features omnium gold medallist and Team Sky rider Elia Viviani of Italy, as well as the Manxman's sprint rival Andre Greipel of Germany. Wiggins is joined by Dylan van Baarle as former Tour of Britain winners in the field. A total of 21 teams will take part, including 11 UCI World Tour outfits, the highest number to have competed in Britain since the 2014 Tour de France Grand Depart. Seven British teams will compete, led by Team Sky and also including Team Wiggins and a Great Britain national team. The rider list also includes six current national road race champions, led by British champion Adam Blythe, who will ride for Great Britain. There are also six national time trial champions, including former UCI world hour record holders Alex Dowsett and Rohan Dennis and three-time world time trial champion Tony Martin.
Town were rewarded for their greater control and threat when the outstanding Mooy smashed a 25-yard shot into the top corner after the break. Leeds, who slip to third from bottom with just one win from their first six league fixtures, rarely threatened. Town held on to go four points clear thanks to a fifth win from six. On-loan Manchester City midfielder Mooy was not certain to play after a hectic international break which saw him appear in both of Australia's World Cup qualifiers. But he dictated the play as the Terriers had the better of a dull first half in which neither side could muster a shot on target. Mooy, who was booked late in the first period for a nasty-looking lunge that infuriated Leeds manager Garry Monk and his coaching staff, came closest with a decent low strike. But his second attempt on goal 10 minutes after the restart proved much more successful and was reward for the visitors' urgency and superior quality. Chris Wood sent a header wide for Leeds before the break and could have snatched a barely deserved point late on, but failed to properly connect with another headed opportunity. Leeds head coach Gary Monk:"I'm disappointed with the result, of course.  We went out there with the intention of trying to grab the initiative but partly due to the way (Huddersfield) set up it became a bit of a nothing game. "We have to get a real reaction now on Tuesday.  We need to take the three points, it's as simple as that. "It's very important that we get this Elland Road monkey off our backs and get the three points. "Huddersfield head coach David Wagner:"There is every reason to be surprised.  I don't know which team in this division can say they will start with 16 points after six games. "We have deserved every one of the 16 points and we said at the start of the season we would play every single game and give ourselves no limits and at the moment we have great togetherness and a very good working attitude, especially in the defence. "I think it isn't comfortable for the opponents against us at the moment. "Match ends, Leeds United 0, Huddersfield Town 1. Second Half ends, Leeds United 0, Huddersfield Town 1. Substitution, Huddersfield Town.  Michael Hefele replaces Harry Bunn. Foul by Rajiv van La Parra (Huddersfield Town). Kyle Bartley (Leeds United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Chris Löwe (Huddersfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Kemar Roofe (Leeds United). Mark Hudson (Huddersfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Souleymane Doukara (Leeds United). Foul by Harry Bunn (Huddersfield Town). Kalvin Phillips (Leeds United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Huddersfield Town.  Conceded by Robert Green. Attempt saved.  Rajiv van La Parra (Huddersfield Town) right footed shot from more than 35 yards is saved in the top centre of the goal. Attempt saved.  Chris Wood (Leeds United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.  Assisted by Alex Mowatt. Chris Löwe (Huddersfield Town) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Kemar Roofe (Leeds United). Chris Löwe (Huddersfield Town) is shown the yellow card. Attempt missed.  Kasey Palmer (Huddersfield Town) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Mark Hudson (Huddersfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Souleymane Doukara (Leeds United). Delay over.  They are ready to continue. Delay in match Liam Bridcutt (Leeds United) because of an injury. Tommy Smith (Huddersfield Town) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Alex Mowatt (Leeds United). Substitution, Huddersfield Town.  Kasey Palmer replaces Jack Payne. Chris Löwe (Huddersfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Kemar Roofe (Leeds United). Substitution, Huddersfield Town.  Nahki Wells replaces Elias Kachunga. Delay over.  They are ready to continue. Delay in match Christopher Schindler (Huddersfield Town) because of an injury. Substitution, Leeds United.  Kemar Roofe replaces Hadi Sacko. Pontus Jansson (Leeds United) is shown the yellow card. Rajiv van La Parra (Huddersfield Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Rajiv van La Parra (Huddersfield Town). Alex Mowatt (Leeds United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Harry Bunn (Huddersfield Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Harry Bunn (Huddersfield Town). Charlie Taylor (Leeds United) wins a free kick on the left wing. Attempt saved.  Alex Mowatt (Leeds United) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom right corner. Substitution, Leeds United.  Souleymane Doukara replaces Marcus Antonsson.
Of the 863 men who died, an estimated 120, known as "the Jersey Pals", were killed during the Battle of the Somme. Made from Jersey granite, the memorial stone was officially unveiled by Bailiff William Bailhache in the French village of Guillemont. The delegation from the island also included the Lieutenant Governor, Chief Minister and the Dean of Jersey. Ian Ronanye, an author and historian, said the memorial would be a permanent reminder of the role Jersey played in the great war, although part of it would return to the island. "A core has been removed from the middle of the stone - about the height of a person's heart - and that is being brought back to Jersey to become part of a monument in Royal Square," he told BBC News. In July, hundreds of people attended a ceremony to reveal the memorial stone.
The Markit/CIPS purchasing managers' index showed activity in UK services recorded the biggest month-on-month rise in the survey's history. At one stage the pound hit $1. 3372 against the dollar, but slipped back to trade at $1. 3312, a rise of just 0. 13%. Some analysts think the data indicates the UK might avoid recession later this year. "The prospect of sterling strength is on the horizon as today's PMI figures suggest that the reported fall in activity following the EU referendum may have been a blip," said Ranko Berich, from Monex Europe. "They do change the likelihood of a severe economic contraction in the third quarter, which previously seemed all but assured for many observers," he added. Other analysts warned not to read too much into the latest numbers. "These PMIs are only surveys - more hard economic data over the coming months will be crucial.  It's easy to read to too much into a survey for a single month.  We are not out of the woods yet," said Neil Wilson, markets analyst at ETX Capital. The FTSE 100 was not moved much by the data.  It eased lower, falling by 15 points to 6,879. Banks weighed on the index, with Royal Bank of Scotland falling by 3. 5% and Lloyds Banking Group down 2. 1%. Those shares fell after negative comments from analysts at Deutsche Bank. Mining shares were a bright spot on the FTSE 100.  BHP Billiton was up 1. 3% and Randgold Resources rose 1. 6%. Shares in Marks and Spencer fell 1. 4% following confirmation that it plans to cut more than 500 jobs at its head office. US financial markets were closed for Labor Day.
Glamorgan's total was dominated by Nick Selman's mature 101 off 144 balls, his second first-class century. But seamers Matt Taylor and Craig Miles made sure wickets fell at regular intervals in cloudy conditions in the Welsh capital. Gloucestershire struggled in turn as the bowlers remained on top all day. Selman's century, after being dropped on eight in the first over, was a welcome return to form for the Brisbane-born opener after a string of low scores following his hundred against Northants at Swansea. Aneurin Donald's quick-fire 36 off 30 balls was the next best contribution as Taylor and Miles prospered in the afternoon. Graham Wagg and Timm van der Gugten scrambled Glamorgan to a consolation bonus point. Gloucestershire's innings was a question of survival in the evening gloom, with the day ending evenly balanced. Glamorgan are being led by Michael Hogan for the first time in the absence of Jacques Rudolph, who has a neck problem. Glamorgan batsman Nick Selman told BBC Wales Sport:"It was good to get some runs for a change, the wicket was a bit slow and they bowled a bit short early on so I got through the first 25 overs and it got easier to bat from there, but it was a bit disappointing to get out just after I got a hundred. "(My season) was going well up until after (a century in) Swansea, after Swansea four ducks in a row, but it was good to spend some time in the middle at Northants. "Opening the batting in county cricket over here (in the UK), it's definitely hard, you get some good balls, you play on some green wickets and I was struggling a bit. "I was happy to get a few today and hopefully I can continue that for the rest of the season. "Gloucestershire seamer Matt Taylor told BBC Radio Bristol:"There's definitely a bit on offer out there (for the bowlers), we didn't start exactly how we'd like but we got there in the end and we'd take bowling them out for 220. "I was pretty happy with that (hitting the stumps three times), the same plan as always is to hit the top of off-stump and luckily they missed them today. "I was pleased to get an opportunity in T20 and the white-ball stuff this year, now I'm getting an opportunity with the red ball it's great. "It's definitely going to be tough (for the Gloucestershire batsmen), they're a good bowling attack but hopefully we can dig in and get to a reasonable score.
Mike Peters, lead singer of The Alarm, is encouraging US congressmen and senators to 'Get On The List' on Capitol Hill on Tuesday. Three-time cancer survivor Mr Peters co-founded the Love Hope Strength Foundation in 2007 to encourage more people to sign up as potential lifesavers. The US visit follows a similar recruitment drive in Westminster. Ahead of the event, Mr Peters encouraged people in the USA to write to their local representative asking them to attend the donor drive at Capitol Visitor Centre. Potential donors fill out a consent form and have their cheeks swabbed.  Their details are then stored anonymously on an international bone marrow registry until they are 61-years-old. It is hoped the event will grow the number of US donors and improve the chances of finding matches for patients suffering from a blood borne cancer or illness. Mr Peters said the foundation has been campaigning for this day for many years. "It is so exciting to feel that all the hard work and effort, made possible with the support of DKMS - We Delete Blood Cancer, and so many others, is finally coming to fruition," he said. "People are realising that one day it could be someone that they know who needs a bone marrow donor, and the more people that are on the list, the better everyone's chances of finding an unrelated donor area. "The event in the House of Commons in 2013 registered more than 100 MPs and staff members, and MP John Glen became a lifesaving match a few months later.
On Tuesday Mr Obama cancelled planned talks after the firebrand Mr Duterte called him the "son of a whore". Wednesday's informal meeting took place before an Asean summit gala dinner. While a Philippine spokesman said he was "very happy" it happened, the US side said they had a "brief discussion" in a pre-meal "hold space" for leaders. Mr Obama and Mr Duterte are said to have entered the dinner venue separately at the summit in Laos and did not interact with each other during the event, which lasted one hour and 20 minutes. "They were the last people to leave the holding room.  I can't say how long they met," Philippine Foreign Secretary Perfecto Yasay, travelling with Mr Duterte, told reporters shortly afterwards. "I'm very happy that it happened. "A White House official said the pair exchanged "pleasantries" in a "brief discussion" before dinner. War on drugsMr Duterte's outburst came after at a press conference where he told reporters he would not accept Mr Obama raising any concerns about the war on drugs in the Philippines. "You must be respectful.  Do not just throw away questions and statements.  Son of a whore, I will curse you in that forum," Mr Duterte said, apparently in reference to the US president. What else has the controversial Filipino president said?Summit diplomacy, Duterte-styleWorld leaders' offensive insults: Who's top?From 'Punisher' to president: Who is Rodrigo Duterte?The  Filipino leader later expressed regret over the remarks, but not before Mr Obama had cancelled a planned meeting. Mr Duterte won the presidency with his hard-line policy to eradicate drugs and some 2,400 people have died in anti-drug operations since he took office in June. He had previously urged citizens to shoot to kill drug dealers who resisted arrest, and threatened to "separate" from the UN after it called his war on drugs a crime under international law. President Duterte, known for his controversial remarks, had previously called US Secretary of State John Kerry "crazy" and referred to Pope Francis as the "son of a whore". But the president also has staunch support at home for his hardline position on drugs.
The official violated the International Paralympic Committee's (IPC) ban on political gestures. Belarus' neighbours Russia are banned from the Games following state-sponsored doping. "A hero has appeared amongst us," said Maria Zakharova, a spokeswoman for Russia's Foreign Ministry. "This is the person who showed solidarity with people who were disgracefully treated in an inhumane way in not being allowed to compete at the Paralympics," Zakharova told Interfax news agency. The official, identified by Russian media as Andrei Fomochkin, has had his accreditation for Rio cancelled by the IPC.IPC head of media Craig Spence said: "I'd like to thank the media for ensuring there was a picture of the individual on Twitter pretty quickly.  We managed to locate that individual and confiscate the flag pretty much within 20 minutes of the flag being displayed. "It's seen as a political protest because he carried a Russian flag when he's in the Belarus delegation, and when you've got the president of the Belarus National Paralympic Committee being so vocal in the media before these Games saying he disagreed with our decision, then it's a pretty easy conclusion that it was a political protest. "We check all teams before they go out into the stadium at every single Games, so that flag was pretty well hidden on that person because all of the Belarus team was searched before they went out and the flag was somewhere on the person that we didn't notice. "Fomochkin has received support from Belarus for his gesture. "This was the right thing," Dmitri Mironchik, press secretary for Belarus's Foreign Ministry, told RIA Novosti.  "If we need to answer for these gestures, then we will answer.
The police say Mr Bach is being treated as a witness, not a suspect. Officers have found emails from Mr Bach to another senior IOC official Patrick Hickey, who was arrested last month and is facing charges. Mr Hickey, ex-head of the Irish Olympic Committee, denies all allegations. Police investigators in Rio told the BBC's Wyre Davies they would like to know what Mr Bach's influence was over Olympic ticketing policy. They said the IOC president received personal requests for hundreds of high-value tickets, for the Olympics opening ceremony, the 100m final and the football final from Mr Hickey. Police say that Mr Hickey received 296 tickets after his written request to the IOC president. They have not, thus far, made any contact with the president's office to request a formal interview. Mr Hickey was arrested during the Olympic games and spent time at the notorious Bangu high security jail along with fellow Irishman Kevin Mallon. He was released on bail at the end of August but had to return his passport to the Brazilian authorities and was ordered not to leave the country. A prosecutor laid charges against him on Tuesday.  A judge will now decide whether to accept or reject the charges. Mr Hickey, 71, has formally stood aside as president of the Olympic Council of Ireland and European Olympic Committees' president during the investigation. Mr Mallon is the Dublin-based director of THG Sports, a corporate and sports hospitality company. Mr Bach cancelled a planned appearance in Rio this week at the opening of the Paralympic Games, for personal reasons. Mr Bach has not returned to Rio since the Olympics and missed the opening ceremony of the Paralympics at the Maracana on Wednesday. He said would remain in Germany for the funeral of his friend Walter Scheel, the former West German foreign minister and deputy chancellor, who died last month aged 97. IOC officials said Mr Bach would now not travel to Brazil after the funeral because he was unable to reschedule other commitments. The Paralympics run until 18 September. The last time an IOC president failed to attend a Paralympics was in 2010, when Jacques Rogge missed the whole of the Winter Games in Vancouver.
The 28-year-old has scored 37 goals in 98 appearances since joining the Lions from non-league Halifax in 2014. "Lee committing his future to us is a big boost for everybody and a sensible decision from the boy," boss Neil Harris told the club website. "He has played his best football under me and he is a big part of this squad.
Heydrich - one of the architects of the Final Solution when he was governor of occupied Bohemia - was assassinated by British-trained Czech and Slovak troops in May 1942. It was an operation which was so audacious in its planning and execution that it inspired John Martin from Mold, Flintshire, to research the topic for more than 40 years. He interviewed Heydrich's son, and descendants of the Special Operations Executive hit-team which killed him, as part of a book which has now been made into a film. Anthropoid, named after the mission's codename, has just gone on general release. It stars actors Cillian Murphy and Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan who portrays a Czech resistance fighter. Mr Martin, who is an extra in the film, said: "Not many people have heard of Anthropoid, partly because it was earlier on in the war, and partly because afterwards Britain's role was played down by the Soviets. "It took me until after the fall of the Iron Curtain to be able to get into Prague and properly investigate what happened. "Born in 1904, Reinhard Heydrich was a decorated German naval officer in the Weimar Republic. During the rise of the Nazis he progressed quickly to head several branches of the Nazi secret police, including the Gestapo and SD, and was a key figure in both 'The Night of The Long Knives' and 'Kristallnacht'. As Nazi head in occupied Czechoslovakia, he was instructed to improve the productivity of the region's flagging munitions and automobile factories. It was a role which he performed so successfully that the Allies determined he must be removed. Mr Martin said: "Before Heydrich's appointment the Czech Resistance had been quite successful in reducing productivity by as much as a third through go-slows. "Heydrich introduced a policy he called 'Sugar and Whip', whereby those who cooperated gained extra rations and clothing, whilst those who didn't were kidnapped, tortured and killed. "In one way the fact he rewarded people might be seen as a humanising feature, but I think it makes him all the more chilling. "For him, it wasn't about the violence, he'd do whatever it took to achieve the Nazis' ultimate ambitions. "In December 1941 the SOE assassination squad of Josef Gabcik and Jan Kubis was parachuted into Bohemia from an RAF Halifax bomber. They spent six months undercover planning their assault, before finally ambushing Heydrich on a blind hairpin bend on the Prague to Dresden road on 27 May 1942. Heydrich died of his injuries a week later, and although the Nazis reaped devastating revenge, Mr Martin contends it was still a worthwhile mission. Mr Martin said: "Hitler personally ordered the levelling of two villages - Lidice and LeÅ¾Ã¡ky - where all the men over 16 were shot and all the women transported to concentration camps. "The ordinary population paid a terrible price for what was essentially an economic and military attack.  Yet you can see in Hitler's response just what a devastating blow the assassination was. "Hitler was furious at the arrogance which led Heydrich to travel in an unguarded open top car, and later he'd say that the loss of Heydrich was the beginning of the end in the battle for the Eastern Front. "Mr Martin currently works on cruise ships, where he gives both comedy performances and history lectures on Heydrich. "It's a strange life for me," he said.  "One night I'll be telling jokes, and the next afternoon I'm lecturing on the holocaust. "Some comedians can make jokes about things like that, but I have to keep the two completely separate. "I'm delighted that my book's been made into a film.  I can tell people about Heydrich, but it's only now they'll see him on the screen, that his true horror will really sink in.
The Argentina forward, 28, is serving a three-match ban for his violent conduct in City's 3-1 win against West Ham. Aguero has scored three goals in three Premier League matches this season, but Mourinho says his absence makes Pep Guardiola's side "unpredictable". "He doesn't play and they have amazing options," said Mourinho. "It is more difficult.  When Sergio Aguero is available he plays, we know their formation. "Mourinho suggested any one of Kelechi Iheanacho, Raheem Sterling or David Silva could start as a "false nine" in the derby at Old Trafford. "We have to reduce the unpredictability," added the Portuguese. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
His sister was married to Mohammad Sidique Khan - the oldest of the four suicide bombers who attacked London on 7 July 2005, killing 52 people. Now he has decided to speak publicly for the first time, because he wants to help in efforts to prevent radicalisation. Mr Patel says the actions of his brother-in-law, who killed himself and six others when he detonated a bomb on a Circle Line underground train near Edgware Road, were "disgusting". Mr Patel struggles to find adjectives about him that are not expletives, adding: "He's a coward.  How is his daughter supposed to live the rest of her life now? Terrorism hurts everybody. "He says that at first he did not register the attacks and only properly understood what had happened on 12 July. "My mother, brother, sister and niece, came to my house.  Scotland Yard and MI5 with them.  My brother said to me 'that thing in London, they're telling us it was Sidique,'" he recalls. "I actually asked him, 'What thing has happened in London?' I had to go research it. "I nearly fainted.  I can remember my mother the next two or three days fainting multiple times. "Profile: Mohammad Sidique Khan7/7 attacks: What happened that day?7/7 attacks: The victimsHis first reaction was denial. "You cannot believe this person that you knew is capable of that, simply because there were no signs, there were no indicators. "I'm thinking 'maybe he's just one of the victims', because it was an ongoing investigation. "That period of denial came to an end when Mohammad Sidique Khan's "martyrdom video" was released. In it he claimed to be acting in response to western involvement in Muslim countries. Mr Patel is categorical that there were no signs he could have spotted in Khan to predict what he would go on to do. He says Khan, who worked as a learning mentor for children before the attacks, would discuss events such as the Iraq War as part of normal conversation but never showed signs of being capable of violence. But he does say that Khan looked down on the Muslim community in Dewsbury, where they were all living, and would refuse to visit local mosques because he disagreed with their non-political stance. "His attitude was 'my prayers won't be accepted in these mosques'. "The term he would use is that, 'You guys are hippy Muslims - you're like the Quakers, like the Salvation Army.  All happy clappy Muslims, that's what you Sufis are. '"Mr Patel has met two 7/7 survivors and has often considered paying his respects to victims at one of the annual commemorations but worries it would offend grieving relatives. He says his family have also have been affected, with his children being bullied by other Muslim children. "We were not the perpetrators, but we were ostracised from the community - that is proof that the community views terrorism with disgust - and they view the families of terrorists with disgust. "But Patel is clear that he is not trying to detract from the suffering of those who lost loved ones in the attacks. "Their (suffering) is much worse.  If people don't sympathise with me, ok, I don't blame them.  I blame him [Mohammad Sidique Khan]. "Mr Patel believes there can at times be an unhelpful focus on foreign policy when discussing radicalisation. He says Khan's claims that his actions were a response to foreign policy were a "pathetic excuse".  "We all have grievances," he says. He is similarly forthright in rejecting the idea that Muslim communities are mistreated in Britain and that is pushing them towards radicalisation. "After 7/7 there's been very little blowback.  There have been isolated incidents.  It makes you put your faith back into humanity. "Whenever somebody like the EDL or Britain First come around, the first people to actually oppose them, along with us, will be their fellow countrymen. "For Mr Patel - radicalisation is an issue for all of British society - not just the Muslim community. Nevertheless, he believes mosques could do more. He says there need to be more English-speaking imams and more co-ordination with youth workers who have "life experience". "ISIS (so-called Islamic State) have to be discussed. "Otherwise, because we're not addressing these issues in the mosque, they will go online and they will end up in a bad place.  We're not to blame, but we're part of the problem because we're not doing what we can do ourselves. "Mr Patel says he is broadly supportive of government counter-radicalisation programme, Prevent. He also hopes to be able to forge links with others working in de-radicalisation to be able to help prevent another atrocity happening here. Asked if he is worried there could be another attack on British streets, he replies: "Yes, that's why I feel I have to speak out.
Cotton, 22, has played 17 first-class matches since his debut in 2014 and featured regularly in white-ball cricket this season. Taylor, 21, was ruled out for the season with a back injury. "They are both exciting fast bowlers who have the ability to win games for Derbyshire," head coach John Sadler told the club website. "And we must remember they're still only 22 and 21 respectively. "Derbyshire are bottom of Division Two, having failed to win any of their Championship matches this season.
Koukash has owned the Super League team since 2013 but it has stated before he could leave Salford. "My plans are to make sure we win the next few games.  We'll see what happens at the end of the season," he said. "I have not made my mind up to walk away, I'm working hard to make sure it is financially viable for next year. "Salford scored 13 tries as they comfortably beat Featherstone on Sunday in a game where only 1,759 were in attendance at the AJ Bell Stadium. "It was a crucial game, there was no football around, there was good weather, it's a Sunday where families can come and we reduced ticket prices," Koukash told BBC Radio Manchester. "To only have 1,750 for a crucial game, I must say I'm very disappointed.  What the fans all have to understand is that next year the club will only be able to spend what it can afford. "I can no longer keep bankrolling it the way I did.  If the fans wanted to see a competitive Super League side they need to start turning up. "Despite his future with the club being in doubt, Koukash said he could not buy another rugby league club if his time with Salford was to end. "Once you are a Red Devil, you will always be a Red Devil.  I will never be involved with another club, that's it.  The time when I finish from Salford, I will just sit back and enjoy the sport like any other fan," he added.
Mohammed Sarul Islam believes changing the name would generate publicity and act as a memorial. The former Cardiff councillor has put forward a petition calling on the Welsh Government to change the name. Assembly members will consider the petition, which gathered 16 signatures, on TuesdayA petition needs a minimum of 10 signatures to be discussed by the Assembly Petitions Committee, under current assembly rules. Mr Sarul Islam, president of the Commonwealth Business and Investment Council for Wales, said rebranding the airport with such a well-known name would attract international customers. It is not the first time calls have been made to rename the airport, bought by the Welsh Government for Â£52m in 2013. Previous suggestions include rebranding it the Robert Owen International Airport of Wales - after the Welsh pioneer of the Cooperative Movement - and Dylan Thomas International Airport Cardiff.
The watchdog said these were some of the "main barriers" to local authority participation in the scheme. It estimates a need for 10,664 school places and 4,930 homes for the 20,000 refugees due to be taken in by 2020. The government said it remained on track with its programme. The NAO's report highlighted the government's success in having "expanded the original programme at speed to achieve a new target" of resettling 1,000 refugees by last Christmas, and progress in improving refugees' own experiences of the programme. However, it said there could be significant problems in meeting the target of resettling 20,000 refugees if pledges of help from local authorities did not become firm offers. 10,664childcare and school places needed to meet UK commitment4,930homes required2,659  refugees resettled so far49% are under the age of 1855% are survivors of torture or violence118 local authorities have volunteered to resettle familiesParticipation by local authorities is voluntary, and they can make what is known as an "indicative pledge" to resettle refugees before upgrading this to a "firm offer" once accommodation, support and other services have been secured. Although there has been a 97% success rate for allocating refugees to firm offers, by the end of June 2016 there were only 125 firm offers to cover 1,078 cases of refugees accepted for resettlement. According to the NAO, local authorities say the main thing preventing them from participating fully is that they are struggling to find suitable housing and enough school places. The report says that just under a third (31%) of refugees settled so far are of school age. Of those refugees still to come to the UK through the programme, an estimated 7,655 will be of school age and a further 3,009 will become old enough to enter the education system during the programme. But the NAO said school places were already "in short supply" and cited its 2013 report on funding for new school places, which revealed that about one in five primary schools were full or over capacity. The NAO also estimates that about 20% of children in the resettlement programme are expected to have special educational needs. This means local authorities will probably have to provide more than 1,500 special educational needs places, the NAO said - and some local authorities have already "turned away cases because they were unable to provide the required places". The programme so far has required 655 homes and is estimated to need a further 4,930 before 2020, based on the size of families resettled so far. Some councils had been successful in partnering with the private rental sector to house refugees, the report said, but others were "struggling to do so". Local authorities in areas where accommodation costs are high also have concerns about finding affordable accommodation for refugees given the current housing benefit cap. This has meant only 11% of refugees have been settled in areas such as London and the South East. Meg Hillier MP, chair of the Public Accounts Committee, said: "Local authorities should be applauded for stepping up to help these people in desperate need. "But already under pressure local authorities will have to find over 10,600 childcare and school places, and nearly 5,000 homes over the course of the programme as well as social and community support services. "We need to be convinced that the government is committed to supporting local authorities in their efforts and is clear about its expectations and funding beyond the first year of a refugee's stay in the UK."Refugee Council head of advocacy Lisa Doyle said it was "fantastic" that UK communities were welcoming refugees. She said: "Each Syrian refugee welcomed by the UK will have their life transformed, if not saved by this programme. "The UK government must build on this success by offering more refugees safe passage here, particularly by enabling more refugees with family here to join them smoothly and swiftly. "Refugee Action chief executive Stephen Hale said: "We are pleased that the programme has been established but I think there is a lot to do to help refugees integrate into Britain. "He said the government's funding of English language classes was "crucial" in helping refugees integrate. A government spokesman said: "We ask local authorities to consider carefully whether they have the necessary infrastructure and support networks before a resettlement occurs. "We will only resettle individuals to a particular area once we've ensured these arrangements, including school places and housing, are in place. "He added: "The level of funding enables local authorities to provide vulnerable refugees with a safe environment and the chance to rebuild their lives.
This baby can survive a 1400 revolutions per minute spin in the washing machine.  You could say it makes for easy laundering. The Bank of England says it is cleaner and more secure than the cotton paper notes which have been used for the past 100 years. But we're a conservative lot in Northern Ireland: Perhaps we like our lucre filthy. For people in Northern Ireland, plastic fivers are nothing new.  To celebrate the Millennium,  the old Northern Bank (now Danske) introduced the slippery clean fiver to local pockets in 2000.  Two million of the notes were issued in October 1999. It did not fold quite the same into the back trouser pocket.  But then again, neither did it attract the dirt from fingers fumbling in a greasy till or handbag to quite the same degree. That was  more than 16 years ago, and the trusty paper notes are still going strong.  If you get a polymer note these days in Belfast, look up and you might see a pig soar past city hall. In 2005, the Northern Bank reprinted all of its bank notes shortly after £26. 5m was stolen from its head office by the IRA.The plastic fiver was the only type of note not replaced. Paul Black from Danske Bank said that when the plastic fiver was introduced, it meant Northern Bank was "away ahead of its time. ""We wanted to be innovative and be first on the market.  Over time that was eroded a little, because other banks did not follow.  At the time it was quite popular," he said. "It did create a real buzz.  People found it unusual.  They compared it to monopoly money. "Down the backs of which sofas do the lost plastic fivers reside?Who knows? But on a well-known internet auction site one seller is asking for £125 for the plastic note. The governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, said the new note would be cleaner, safer and stronger. "The use of polymer means it can better withstand being repeatedly folded into wallets or scrunched up inside pockets, and can also survive a spin in the washing machine," he said. While the notes are not indestructible, they are expected to last an average of five years compared to the current fiver's two years. New security features - such as a transparent window - will make the note harder to counterfeit.
Speaking to the BBC, Herman Van Rompuy said negotiations were unlikely until a new German government was formed after next September's election. The talks will be tough but hopefully of mutual benefit, he said, adding the UK had to make the "first move". He described the UK's decision to leave the EU as a "political amputation". Meanwhile, leaders of every EU country, apart from the UK, are gathering in the Slovakian capital Bratislava to discuss the future of the bloc. Brexit: All you need to knowCameron 'blocked' civil service Brexit talksThe UK voted by 51. 9% to 48. 1% to end its membership of the EU in a referendum on 23 June. Prime Minister Theresa May has said that the government will not trigger Article 50 - the formal start of the process of leaving the EU - before 2017. Mr Van Rompuy was president of the European Council, which defines the EU's overall political direction and priorities, from 2009 until 2014. He told BBC Radio Four's Today programme: "Before the German elections and before there is a new German government, I think no serious negotiations will take place. "You can always start with more technical matters, but the hardcore, the difficult topics, will be tackled after the constitution of a new German government and that will be October/November. "No 'Brexit effect' in latest jobs dataBrexit 'may bring difficult times' - PMMr Van Rompuy described the senior figures appointed to negotiate for the EU, who include Belgian ex-Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt and French finance expert Michel Barnier, as "very very tough" but also "very pragmatic". He denied leaders wanted to "punish" the UK for leaving, but said there was a desire not to encourage other countries to follow suit. "Any negotiation will be a difficult negotiation, independent of the personalities.  Of course we want an agreement which represents some kind of mutual benefit. "There are huge economic interests, but there are also red lines.  It is very well known that freedom of movement [of EU nationals] is a red line," he said. Mr Van Rompuy rejected suggestions that the EU should have given former Prime Minister David Cameron a better deal after he sought reform of the UK's relationship with the EU, saying the main reason for the Brexit vote "lies in Britain". And he said EU leaders had warned former Prime Minister David Cameron it would be a "mistake" to hold a referendum on membership. He said the UK already had a "very special status" within the EU, which was illustrated by it not being a member of the eurozone or the Schengen Agreement. But this meant it was also "not fully a member of the hardcore where decisions are taken". "Britain had not many friends anymore," Mr Van Rompuy said. This had been shown during the election of Jean-Claude Juncker as President of the European Commission in 2014, when Britain was "isolated" in its opposition to him, he added. Mr Van Rompuy said despite this, European leaders still viewed Brexit as a "political amputation of the first degree". He added: "Because Europe was for many countries still a model, a model that you can achieve peace among peoples and states that waged wars for centuries, so it was a model of co-operation and integration. "That image of a strong Europe, that is tarnished a lot after Brexit.
Italian artist and sculptor Maurizio Cattelan created the fully functional 18-carat gold lavatory, which he has titled America. The, ahem, interactive exhibit has been installed in one of the Guggenheim's public bathrooms, reports the New Yorker. The Fifth Avenue museum describes the piece as "a bold, irreverent work". The lavatory replaced one of the Guggenheim's porcelain toilets in a one-person, unisex restroom. Visitors who pay museum admission will be able to use it as they wish. The Guggenheim said the piece is "ultimately reminding us of the inescapable physical realities of our shared humanity". The exhibit is aimed at "making available to the public an extravagant luxury product seemingly intended for the 1 percent", according to the museum. "Its participatory nature, in which viewers are invited to make use of the fixture individually and privately, allows for an experience of unprecedented intimacy with a work of art," said the Guggenheim. Cattelan, a Milan-based artist and a truck driver's son, hinted earlier this year that his creation had been inspired by economic inequality. The exhibit has also drawn comparisons with Marcel Duchamp's avant-garde "Fountain", the porcelain urinal he exhibited in New York in 1917, causing a sensation in the art world. Cattelan, 55, is known for his provocative sculptures, including La Nona Ora (The Ninth Hour), which depicted Pope John Paul II floored by a meteorite.
The first and deputy first ministers used powers under what is known the Royal Prerogative to create the role for former BBC journalist David Gordon. Mr Gordon edited the BBC's Nolan Show. The Newsletter has discovered the law was changed using the highly unusual procedure to enable the post to be filled without being advertised. The Ulster Unionist Party leader Mike Nesbitt, who is the leader of the Opposition at the Northern Ireland Assembly, said he was not made aware of the move. Jim Allister, leader of the Traditional Unionist Voice (TUV), accused First Minister Arlene Foster and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness of "flagrantly breaching due process". "How many spin doctors does Stormont need? They already have 161," Mr Allister told the Newsletter. "How ironic that the latest appointee is the very person who hitherto would have railed against and exposed the contrived process by which he was appointed. "When contacted by the BBC, Mr Gordon said he could not comment on the issue. A spokesperson for the Northern Ireland Executive Office said: "It is normal practice in politics in London and Dublin as well as other devolved governments for ministers to select the people who provide them specialist communications advice. "Those trying to throw dirt know that very well. "The appointment of the executive press secretary is in full accordance with the powers at the disposal of the first minister and deputy first minister and they make this Order under the powers conferred on them by section 23 (3) of the Northern Ireland Act 1998. "The office's spokesperson described the reaction from opposition politicians as "panic and hysteria". Mr Gordon is also a former Belfast Telegraph journalist and following his appointment on Tuesday, the first and deputy first ministers expressed delight. They said they wanted their new press secretary to provide them with expert advice and spearhead the communication of Stormont's policies. However, the method used to hire him has raised questions from serving and former public appointments commissioners. The current public appointments commissioner Judena Leslie has written to the head of the Northern Ireland Civil Service over the appointment. In a statement on Friday, she said: "It is in the public interest that the principles of openness and transparency are adhered to.
The body of Louis Thornton, 26, who played for Douglas-based Corinthians, was discovered at 05:20 BST on Saturday in his hotel room in James Street. Club treasurer Steve Corran said Mr Thornton, who had been on Merseyside to watch his beloved Middlesbrough play Everton, was a "big character" and a "leader, both on and off the pitch". Mr Thornton's death is not being treated as suspicious. In a statement, Corinthians said everyone was welcome at the club to pay their own tributes. Mr Corran said: "We would like people to come and visit the pitch where our Louis scored great goals, scruffy goals, put in crunching tackles, but most of all has given his family, team-mates, managers and fans so many memorable moments. "Mr Thornton worked for an accountancy business in Douglas. Mr Corran, who was also his boss at work, said: "He worked hard and gave 100% in everything he did on and off the pitch.
Omari Mwanahamisi put Tanzania ahead after only 26 minutes and she doubled the lead just before half-time. Kenya pulled a goal back through Christine Nafula but the 2016 Women's Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers were unable to find an equaliser. In the play-off for third place, which was also played on Tuesday, Ethiopia thrashed Uganda 4-1.
Gerry McGowan, Michael Toner, Stephen Crumlish and Gerard Kelly were all teenagers when they were accused of killing Lt Steven Kirby in 1979. The so-called Derry Four fled Northern Ireland until their acquittal in 1998. They are now involved in a civil case against the police for wrongful arrest. They four men also say they were subjected to false imprisonment, assault, battery and malicious prosecution. The PSNI told the BBC it would be inappropriate to comment due to legal proceedings. On Friday, lawyers for the PSNI chief constable submitted documents to the High Court in Belfast indicating that all original interview notes from 1979 were missing. "I suppose my first reaction was one of disbelief but at the same time it was not surprising," said Gerry McGowan. "These documents could have been forensically tested to determine whether the statements were tampered with. "Were they wilfully destroyed or was it just complete incompetence?"It is understood that no explanation was provided as to how the notes had gone missing. It is yet another twist in a long battle for justice, according to Paul O'Connor from the Pat Finucane Centre. "It is an incredible coincidence that in this particular case the interview notes have gone missing," he said. "It would be vital to get to the bottom of this to see what was written in the original interview notes and this is quite a blow for them. "My heart goes out to the four men, clearly they have been vindicated in terms of having the charges withdrawn but they've had no justice. "The four men have now lodged an application for the release of covert tape recordings of the interviews, which they believed were made by the security services.
He told the United Nations General Assembly that world leaders, notably Germany and Canada, have vowed to double the number from last year. "We are facing a crisis of epic proportion," Mr Obama said. About 21 million refugees have been forced to flee their countries due to conflict or persecution, the UN says. Nine million people alone have been displaced by the six-year conflict in Syria while more than four million others have fled the war-torn country. "We cannot avert our eyes or turn our backs.  To slam the door in the face of these families would betray our deepest values," he added. The US has agreed to take in 110,000 new refugees in the 2017 fiscal year - which begins on 1 October- compared with the 85,000 refugees it expects by the end of September. The president's remarks come a day after a US and Russia-brokered ceasefire unravelled, partly due to a US-led air strike over the weekend that mistakenly killed Syrian soldiers. Tensions continued on Monday when a strike, which witnesses say came from the air, hit an aid convoy at Urum al-Kubra, destroying 18 UN lorries and killing about 20 civilians. The UN has since suspended all aid convoys to Syria in response. Both Russia and Syria have insisted their forces were not behind the strike. The president's announcement also included a pledge by countries to increase financial contributions to UN appeals and humanitarian groups by about $4. 5b (Â£3. 5b) over 2015 levels. Participating countries have vowed to help fund schools for a million refugee children as well as assist in helping one million refugees work legally. Mr Obama used his eighth and final UN address as president to call for a "course correction" to ensure that extremism and violence does not drive countries into a more divided world. "Together, now, we have to open our hearts and do more to help refugees who are desperate for a home," he said. Though he made no direct mention of the US, Mr Obama said wealthy countries with the resources should do more to help. In what appeared to be a dig at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, he added: "The world is too small for us to simply be able to build a wall and prevent (extremism) from affecting our own societies. "Hours earlier, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon also expressed concern over the conflict in Syria, saying there was "no military solution". "Gulfs of mistrust divide citizens from their leaders.  Extremists push people into camps of 'us' and 'them'," Mr Ban said, taking the world stage for the last time as secretary general. "The Earth assails us with rising seas, record heat and extreme storms.  And danger defines the days of many.
Until mid-July, her main worry was getting the right grades for medical school. Now Chilla and her fellow pupils are faced with Turkish accusations that their school has links to a terrorist organisation. Kharisma Bangsa school is one of hundreds across the world that Turkey wants to shut down because they have links to a US-based cleric, Fethullah Gulen. The cleric is held responsible by the Ankara government for the failed July coup in which more than 270 people died. And Turkey argues the schools are part of a strategy to undermine the state. But pupils, teachers and parents interviewed in several countries say they have no links to suspicious activities. Turkey looks to close Gulen schoolsWho are the Gulenists?Who is Fethullah Gulen?Turkey coup: Who was behind Turkey coup attempt?Kharisma Bangsa is one of nine Indonesian schools Ankara says should be shut down because of their alleged ties to Fethullah Gulen. Turkey says the schools are part of a vast and secretive network which the Gulen movement has used to build a powerbase and infiltrate state institutions. Accusations have been levelled against schools with Turkish connections in more than a dozen countries, from Germany to Afghanistan, leaving thousands of children facing uncertainty over their education. Supporters of the schools say they are no more than a loose affiliation of institutions that share common values and are committed to academic excellence. From extensive interviews with BBC World Service across 10 countries in three continents, it is clear that the schools have much in common but operate quite differently. But all are feeling the pressure. There is no common brand name for the schools. In Pakistan they are called "Pak-Turk Lycees", in Kyrgyzstan they are known as "Sebat" (Persistence) schools, and in Kenya, "Light Academies". Most were set up as partnerships between Turkish and local businesses and organisations, but in many countries like Indonesia and Kyrgyzstan, the Turkish partners are no longer directly involved. Local and Turkish partners say they're admirers of Fethullah Gulen, but not connected to him formally. "A Gulen school, business or newspaper is generally unofficially labelled as such, because the owner or manager considers Fethullah Gulen as a spiritual leader or source of inspiration," says Turkish academic Bayram Balci. Alp Aslandogan, who speaks on behalf of Gulen-associated schools in the United States, says there are numerous social networks within the movement.  "The schools which are seen as affiliated with the movement were started by people who belong to these networks. "Followers of Fethullah Gulen often refer to their movement by the name Hizmet (service), and the schools all share the same ethics. "The teachers put emphasis on character-building, morals, and discipline," says Rosi, the mother of a pupil at Kharisma Bangsa. There's also a strong focus on teaching science. From Nairobi to Kandahar, school websites show pupils in smart uniforms, studying in well-equipped science labs or computer rooms. "The children study every day until 3pm, then they have additional classes, activity clubs, and homework," says Baktigul, whose daughter attends a Turkish school in Kyrgyzstan.  "At 9pm they all sit down to have tea, and at 10pm it's bedtime. "For Maxim Urazaev, who graduated from a Turkish lycee in the Russian city of Kazan in 2009 the experience was "tougher than being in the army". Head teachers have told the BBC the schools are not part of a formal structure. The head of Kyrgyzstan's 21 Sebat schools, Nurlan Kudaberdiev, says they are all connected to Fethullah Gulen informally because the schools were his idea.  "But there's no direct influence or financing from his side any more," he insists. Long before the Turkish government tried to shut the schools down, other countries took action of their own amid suspicion of the network's foreign links. In 2000, Uzbekistan shut down all Gulen-associated schools operating there, and similar steps were taken in Russia, where only seven remain of the 50 schools that used to operate until 2008.  All are now firmly under Education Ministry supervision in the Turkic-speaking Muslim region of Tatarstan. The schools describe themselves as secular, promoting tolerance and interfaith dialogue. "In my five years at the school I never once saw a Koran or a Bible," says Maxim Urazaev, from Kazan. But in Russia and elsewhere schools have been accused of running extra-curricular and secret, religious study groups. Many former Soviet countries are deeply suspicious of religious activity beyond state control. A former teacher in Tatarstan rejected the idea of "secret gatherings" but told the BBC that pupils who wanted to could pray with their teachers and talk to them about religion. In Kenya, former students and teachers showed us books by Fethullah Gulen that they had been given. In Kyrgyzstan, 15-year-old Zainal said pupils were sometimes shown videos about Islam. But her mother, Bakhtigul, said she was satisfied it was not a problem.  "I even checked the books in their library to see if they had any Gulen literature or suspicious books, but there was nothing. "Gulen-affiliated schools have existed in Turkey since the 1970s and only expanded into a truly global phenomenon in the past 20 years. That expansion came as Fethullah Gulen grew closer to Recep Tayyip Erdogan, whose Islamist-rooted AK Party swept to victory in 2002. By teaching Turkish and promoting Turkish culture the schools helped to reinforce Turkey's position and influence across the former Soviet Union, the Far East and into Africa. In 2015 Turkey invested $6. 2bn (Â£4. 7bn; â‚¬5. 5bn) across Africa. Somalia became a flagship for Turkish aid and investment, with three Gulen-linked schools catering for more than 1,000 children. Although the schools are fee-paying and attract the children of the elite, they also offer scholarships to poorer families. In Pakistan up to a quarter of children are on scholarships, in Afghanistan it is nearly 30%. Quite apart from the lure of a good education, the schools also offer an opportunity to travel by way of inter-school competitions known as "Olympiads". Star pupils from Kabul have competed in maths and Turkish-language competitions in Uganda, while children from Mogadishu have tested their skills in Kazakhstan. The schools say the competitions are a way of making a global network of friends. But Turkey argues they enable a movement responsible for a deadly coup attempt to continue recruiting new members worldwide. Thousands of children and their families have been left feeling vulnerable, and for many their future at the Gulen schools is unclear. "I've been here for eleven years," says Musukan, a sixth former at the Pak-Turk school in Islamabad.  "This was the best time of my life.  We love it here. ""If Turkey really has problems, don't involve us," says Salwa, an Indonesian sixth former.  "We're only here to study and to pursue our dreams. "Jerome Wirawan, Olga Ivshina and Iram Abbasi contributed to this report. NetherlandsGermanyTurkeyNigeriaTanzaniaKenyaSomaliaIraqAzerbaijanKyrgyzstanTajikistanAfghanistanPakistanCambodiaThailandIndonesiaRussiaNumber of Gulen-associated schools: 11Status: all schools still open, however a Turkish news agency published list of people and organisations in the Netherlands which it said had links to Fetullah GulenNumber of Gulen-associated schools: 14Status: all schools still open, however Turkish officials have requested the schools be examinedNumber of Gulen-associated schools: 1,032 (plus 15 universities)Number of students: 135,000 (plus 65,000 in universities)Status:  all schools and universities shut down.  Students allocated to other schools and collegesNumber of Gulen-associated schools: 17 (plus one university)Number of students: 4,700 (17% on scholarships)Status: all still open despite Turkish calls to close them.  However, they have changed their names to remove any reference to TurkeyNumber of Gulen-associated schools: 10Status: no news of schools being closed, however the Turkish embassy published a letter on its Facebook page calling for the schools to be closed downNumber of Gulen-associated schools: seven (four in Nairobi, two in Mombasa and one in Malindi)Number of students: 2,000Status: all schools still open, however Turkey is calling for them to be closedNumber of Gulen-associated schools: threeNumber of students: 1,000Status: all schools shut down after coup and Turkish teachers sent home.  Now reopened under new management with Somali teachersNumber of Gulen-associated schools: 37 in Iraqi Kurdistan (includes primary and high schools and a university)Number of students: 40,000Status: management of entire network has been replaced following Turkish government requestNumber of Gulen-associated schools: 11 (plus one university)Status: schools taken over by education ministry in 2014.  University shut and reopened under new management after July 2016Number of Gulen-associated schools: 21Number of students: 12,500Status: schools still open after government rejects Turkish calls to close themNumber of Gulen-associated schools: 6 schools in 4 main citiesStatus: taken over by the government and rebranded Schools for Gifted children in 2015Number of Gulen-associated schools: 20Number of students: 8,000 (30% of students on scholarships)Status: all schools still open, no official call for closure but reports of deep concern from parentsNumber of Gulen-associated schools: 28Number of students: 11,000 (one quarter on scholarships)Status:  23 Turkish teachers have been removed after Turkish call for schools to be closedNumber of Gulen-associated schools: three (plus one university)Status: all schools open despite call from Turkish ambassador to Cambodia to shut them downNumber of Gulen-associated schools: fourNumber of students: 2,000Status: all schools still open but Turkish embassy calling for them to closeNumber of Gulen-associated schools: nineNumber of students: 2,000Status: all schools still open after government rejects Turkish call for them to be closedNumber of Gulen-associated schools: sevenStatus: schools now operating under Education Ministry management in Tatarstan.
The Tiangong-1 or "Heavenly Palace" laboratory was launched in 2011 as part of an ambitious Chinese plan to catch up with other space powers. However, a senior space official has said the lab had "comprehensively fulfilled its historical mission". The lab is currently intact and orbiting at 370km above ground. Speaking at a press conference last week, Wu Ping, deputy director of the manned space engineering office, said: "Based on our calculation and analysis, most parts of the space lab will burn up during falling. "She added that it was unlikely to affect aviation activities or cause damage to the ground. But in comments reported by the Guardian newspaper, Dr Jonathan McDowell, an astrophysicist at Harvard University, suggested China might have lost control of the station. "You really can't steer these things," he said.  "Even a couple of days before it re-enters we probably won't know better than six or seven hours, plus or minus, when it's going to come down. "Not knowing when it's going to come down translates as not knowing where its going to come down. "Most of the 8. 5-tonne station would melt as it passed through the atmosphere, Dr McDowell commented, but some parts such as the rocket engines, were so dense they might not burn up completely. Earlier this month, China launched its second trial space station, called Tiangong-2, in a bid to operate a crewed outpost in orbit by 2022.
The 58-year-old, who drew his first game in management with Bournemouth in 1992 on a plastic pitch at Preston, admits that a return to Stoke "could not have been scripted better". "Players live a different life now," he said.  "In a world where they get everything, they've become film stars. "Pulis managed the Potters for 464 matches over two spells and comes up against his old side with them bottom of the early Premier League table. But the Welshman - who has also managed Crystal Palace in the Premier League - expects current Stoke boss Mark Hughes to steer his side away from trouble. "You couldn't have scripted it better to be honest, the fact that I'm going back to Stoke," Pulis said. "It's fantastic.  Whichever way the result goes, my 1,000th game will be at Stoke and I had great times there. "Everything changes so quickly.  A couple of games and Stoke could be two-thirds of the way up the table.  What you've got to do, and I don't have to tell Mark how to manage, is to keep your feet on the ground.  Keep looking ahead, keep pointing ahead and hope that things change. "They have a very strong squad there and it's a surprise that they are down at the bottom.  I'm sure they will get out of it - I just hope that it's not on Saturday that they start. "Pulis first took charge of Bournemouth in the third tier of English football in August 1992, as the first Premier League season got under way. His big signing that summer was striker Steve Fletcher for £30,000.  This summer he broke West Brom's transfer record to spend £13m on Nacer Chadli. He has been in charge for 277 Premier League games, 282 in the second tier, 258 in the third and 46 in the fourth. Pulis has also won games in the FA Cup, League Cup, Football League Trophy and the Europa League. "I could sit here all afternoon and talk about what has changed," Pulis said. "Human beings have changed, the world has changed.  Professional football, especially the Premier League, is no reflection on real life to me now. "I would never have changed apprentices coming in and doing apprenticeships and realising how fortunate they are, even to be apprentices, never mind make the professional grade.  But we can't change life - you have to move with the times. "Everybody wants change now.  If you don't like a programme straight away you can turn it over.  Years ago we had ITV and BBC and that was it.  You were stuck with it.  Today there are a million channels. "People are like that.  You have a brand new phone, two months later a new one comes out and the lads are queuing up for it.  I've had my phone for about 30 years and I still can't use it properly. "But I still love the game.  I have been very, very lucky.  I have been blessed really.  I understand how lucky I have been. "Never want to miss the latest West Brom news? You can now add the Baggies and all the other sports and teams you follow to your personalised My Sport home.
The 20-year-old had been named in the Nigeria squad for the first time, having played at youth level and helped to win the 2013 Under-17 World Cup. Chelsea winger Victor Moses (hamstring) and Mainz defender Leon Balogun (muscular injury) are also out. Godwin Obaje, Chisom Egbuchulam and Uche Henry Agbo are their replacements. Success appeared to be in line to make his Super Eagles debut, particularly after he came off the bench to score for Watford and earn them a draw against Bournemouth on Saturday. But Nigeria Football Federation spokesman Ademola Olajire told BBC Sport: "We received a letter from Chelsea concerning Moses and striker Isaac Success has a knock and finding it difficult to walk. "Locally-based stars Godwin Obaje and Chisom Egbuchulam will replace the premier league duo, while Uche Agbo has since filled the void created by Balogun's absence. "Egbuchulam's 15 goals, including a hat-trick on the final day of the season on Sunday, led Enugu Rangers to their seventh Nigerian league title - their first in 32 years. Wikki Tourists in-form striker Obaje finished as top scorer with 18 goals to steer his club to a third place finish and a spot in next year's Caf Confederation Cup. Odion Ighalo has been left out to attend the burial of his father a day before the match. But John Mikel Obi is also on the 23-man list despite not playing for Chelsea yet this season.  Obi captained Nigeria at the Olympics in Brazil and led them to a bronze medal but has not featured for new Chelsea boss Antonio Conte since his return. Coach Gernot Rohr has largely kept faith with the side that earned a 1-0 win over Tanzania in a dead-rubber 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in early September. But there are recalls for Arsenal forward Alex Iwobi, Chelsea loanee Kenneth Omeruo and Belgium-based midfielder Anderson Esiti, who all missed Rohr's first game in charge of the Super Eagles. Injured Moses Simon is listed after assuring Rohr that he would be fully fit before the game. Nigeria are in Group B, with Cameroon and Algeria - who have both been at the past two World Cup finals - alongside 2012 Africa Cup of Nations winners Zambia. There are five groups of four teams with only the winners of each group making it to the tournament in Russia. Nigeria have missed out on the last Nations Cups but have appeared at the last two World Cups in South Africa and Brazil, reaching the last 16 in 2014.
Forster, who rejoined the club in July after 22 games on dual registration at Haven earlier in his career, replaces sacked James Coyle. He began his career at Saints, winning the academy Grand Final there, but was limited to five senior appearances. "This appointment will lift everybody," general manager Amanda Hewer said. The ex-Salford forward takes charge after a season which saw Haven relegated from the Championship, despite winning three of the final five games in the Super 8s. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Levy completed a nine-under first round of 62 earlier on Friday and moved to 17 under, before bad light halted him on the last hole of his second round. He was six clear of German Martin Kaymer, England's Ross Fisher and Swede Robert Karlsson, all on 11 under with several holes to play. Kaymer's form will be a timely boost before the Ryder Cup. European team-mate, Belgian Thomas Pieters, was further down the field on three under after 16 holes of his second round. Austrian Bernd Wiesberger, who trailed Levy by a shot after the opening round, begins his round two at Bad Griesbach on Saturday. We've launched a new BBC Sport newsletter, bringing all the best stories, features and video right to your inbox.  You can sign up here.
Organisers said they were not opposed to gay or lesbian rights, but wanted to defend family values and the institution of marriage. The demonstrators called for a meeting with President Enrique Pena Nieto. Gay and lesbian activists staged rival protests. Public opinion in Mexico, a predominantly Roman Catholic nation, has been split since Mr Pena Nieto announced in May plans to change the constitution. Same-sex marriages are legal in some Mexican states, but Mr Pena Nieto wants it to be allowed across the country. Last year the Supreme Court declared that a ban on such unions imposed in many of Mexico's states was unconstitutional. Leaders of the National Front for the Family, which organised the march, say they are not opposed to LGBT rights. But they argue that Mexico has fallen victim of an ideological battle that threatens family values and the institution of marriage. "In a democratic society you cannot impose a single thought," said Mario Alberto Romo, a spokesman for the group. Demonstrators are calling for a meeting with Mr Pena Nieto to debate the issue. LGBT rights supporters turned up at the march to show their backing for Mr Pena Nieto's proposal to legalise same-sex marriage, but police said there were no clashes. Some of them carried banners that read: "I'm gay and I'm a Catholic" and "We also have families". Four Latin American countries have already legalised same-sex marriage: Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay and most recently Colombia.
The home side almost went behind when Charlie Austin went close with two headers and hit the post with a shot. Austin was also through on goal in the second half but an ambitious chip was saved by keeper Kasper Schmeichel. Jamie Vardy had Leicester's best chance after a poor backpass but he was tackled by Oriol Romeu, who also blocked two follow-up shots. The Foxes have now won only two of their opening seven leagues games, collecting eight points. Relive all the action and reaction to Sunday's gamesLeicester are now unbeaten in 19 Premier League home games since a defeat by Arsenal in September 2015 but that record would have been ended if Southampton's finishing had been more clinical. The Foxes had gone into the game following another impressive win in the Champions League - 1-0 over Porto on Tuesday - but they failed to replicate that form, with the visitors having the better chances as the home side managed just one shot on target. Vardy had the type of opening he relishes when he ran on to Virgil van Dijk's poor backpass but he tried to round keeper Fraser Forster and gave Romeu enough time to get back and tackle him. The two shots in the aftermath from Islam Slimani and Vardy, who has failed to score in six games, were also blocked by the Southampton midfielder. An effort that came from a clutch of bodies following a Christian Fuchs cross almost crept in at Forster's near post and Shinji Okazaki nodded just wide but, whether it was because of their Champions League exertions in midweek, the Foxes rarely carried the threat that won them the top-flight title last season. Southampton's build-up to the game had been overshadowed by assistant manager Eric Black being named in a Daily Telegraph investigation into corruption in football and a seven-hour delay in their return from a Europa League tie in Israel on Thursday. But manager Claude Puel made seven changes for the game at the King Power, and they started strongly as Austin had one header saved and glanced another wide before seeing an acute-angled shot coming back off the far post. Austin had scored five goals in four games going into the match and should have added to that tally when he was through on goal in the second half only to go for a difficult chip over Schmeichel, which was saved. Their main concerns at the back came from their own mistakes, especially Van Dijk's weak backpass, but they comfortably kept their sixth successive clean sheet in all competitions. Leicester manager Claudio Ranieri: "I'm very happy because Southampton deserved to win.  They played better.  We conceded too many chances to score a goal. "I recognise they played better than us.  Fortunately we finished with a draw from the match. "On playing Champions League games in midweek: "Everything is a new experience.  Now I have to decide whether to give a rest to players. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceSouthampton boss Claude Puel: "We had the possibilities to win the game.  It is a little disappointing at the end of the game because I thought we could have won. "It is positive for the future.  It is important for the squad to take confidence. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceLeicester City's next game takes them to manager Ranieri's former club Chelsea for the 12:30 BST game on Saturday, 15 October.  Southampton host Burnley at 16:00 BST the following day. Match ends, Leicester City 0, Southampton 0. Second Half ends, Leicester City 0, Southampton 0. Attempt missed.  Leonardo Ulloa (Leicester City) right footed shot from outside the box is too high.  Assisted by Daniel Drinkwater. Attempt blocked.  Oriol Romeu (Southampton) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Offside, Southampton.  James Ward-Prowse tries a through ball, but Shane Long is caught offside. Offside, Leicester City.  Christian Fuchs tries a through ball, but Leonardo Ulloa is caught offside. Foul by Nathan Redmond (Southampton). Daniel Amartey (Leicester City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Pierre-Emile Højbjerg (Southampton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Daniel Drinkwater (Leicester City). Attempt missed.  Cuco Martina (Southampton) left footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Substitution, Southampton.  James Ward-Prowse replaces Charlie Austin. Virgil van Dijk (Southampton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Leonardo Ulloa (Leicester City). Foul by Nathan Redmond (Southampton). Riyad Mahrez (Leicester City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Pierre-Emile Højbjerg (Southampton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Daniel Drinkwater (Leicester City). Corner,  Southampton.  Conceded by Robert Huth. Substitution, Leicester City.  Leonardo Ulloa replaces Islam Slimani. Ryan Bertrand (Southampton) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Riyad Mahrez (Leicester City). Attempt missed.  Shinji Okazaki (Leicester City) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right.  Assisted by Demarai Gray with a cross. Islam Slimani (Leicester City) hits the left post with a header from the left side of the six yard box.  Assisted by Christian Fuchs. Substitution, Southampton.  Shane Long replaces Dusan Tadic. Oriol Romeu (Southampton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Shinji Okazaki (Leicester City). Attempt saved.  Pierre-Emile Højbjerg (Southampton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Steven Davis. Attempt saved.  Daniel Drinkwater (Leicester City) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.  Assisted by Christian Fuchs. Corner,  Leicester City.  Conceded by Steven Davis. Foul by Charlie Austin (Southampton). Danny Simpson (Leicester City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Leicester City.  Shinji Okazaki replaces Jamie Vardy. Substitution, Leicester City.  Demarai Gray replaces Marc Albrighton. Attempt missed.  Daniel Drinkwater (Leicester City) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is close, but misses to the left.  Assisted by Marc Albrighton. Attempt saved.  Charlie Austin (Southampton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.  Assisted by Virgil van Dijk with a through ball. Attempt saved.  Nathan Redmond (Southampton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.  Assisted by Pierre-Emile Højbjerg. Foul by Charlie Austin (Southampton). Islam Slimani (Leicester City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Southampton.  Conceded by Daniel Drinkwater.
As a teenager he tried three times, unsuccessfully, to defect from Cuba, once spending a month in Cuban jail.  He finally escaped to Mexico on his fourth attempt, saving his mother from drowning on their boat trip over. He and his mother were then reunited with his father in Tampa, Florida where he had fled two years earlier. But Fernandez's transition from his life in Cuba was difficult.  Baseball helped him acclimate to his new American life. After starting at Alonso High School in Tampa, speaking almost no English, Fernandez steered the baseball team to two state championships. He was drafted by the Marlins in 2011 at 20 years old and named National League Rookie of the Year in 2013. The Miami Herald reported his grandmother, a loyal supporter, often stood on her roof in Cuba during his games to listen to the sports radio broadcast as her grandson played. Players and fans described him as enthusiastic, energetic and charismatic.  Many Cubans from Miami's Latin community, felt that the player embodied their own struggles. Miguel Garay, 78, a Miamian who came from Cuba's Pinar del Rio said: "His story was our story. "There's such a great tradition of baseball in Cuba and he embodied it better than anyone. "After undergoing surgery in 2014 for a torn elbow ligament Fernandez became a US citizen in 2015, where he gave the keynote speech at his citizenship ceremony. He said: "This is one of my important accomplishments.  I'm an American citizen now - I'm one of them.  I consider myself now to be free. "Fernandez was described as an "avid fisherman" and was aboard a friend's boat when the vessel hit a jetty, causing it to capsize. He had revealed recently that his girlfriend was pregnant. Marlins President David Samson said at a news conference: "When you talk about tragedy like this there are no words that come to mind. "There is prayer and thought toward his family and his soon to be born daughter.  You recognize how precious life is.
After James Tavernier was penalised for a last-minute challenge on Jonny Hayes, James Maddison curled home a fantastic set-piece from 25 yards. "The referee handled a difficult game very well," said Warburton. "He did a really good job up to that point, but to give that one there is frustrating beyond belief. "Warburton is convinced Tavernier made an "excellent tackle" and confronted referee John Beaton on the pitch at full-time. "I will be careful what I say about the free-kick," he added.  "Everyone saw the ball move.  The fourth official on the sidelines saw the ball move and made a comment.  And yet a free-kick is given. "You have got to be, I think, 100% sure in these type of games, in those areas of the park. "Late in the game, when your players are fatigued, I thought Tav made an excellent tackle there.  I don't think their player moaned about it and it is a huge decision to give. "Rangers dominated the first half as the teams met for the first time since January 2012. However, the visitors were caught cold in the opening minute of the second period when Hayes broke clear to score. A surging run from Rangers captain Lee Wallace was halted by Hayes, leading to a penalty converted by Andy Halliday. Maddison's stunning strike left Rangers in the bottom half of the table, with just two wins from their seven league outings, but Warburton insists his team are moving in the right direction. He said: "We dominated the ball first half completely but we went in at half-time frustrated it finished 0-0. "We gave away a schoolboy goal and for three or four minutes we looked a bit rocky.  We lost our composure then got the ball down, then played.  We got our rewards via the penalty and I thought there was only one team in it. "I am never happy to drop a point, never mind three.  But we moved to the next level as a team and we are getting better. "The boys are settling in and we were delighted with long periods of that game where we completely dominated.
Patel, 36, took 102 wickets in all formats for the Bears in 2016, which included 69 in the County Championship. The New Zealander took four five-wicket hauls in the Championship, including two in one game against Surrey in July with career-best figures of 10-123. He also took 22 wickets on the way to helping his side win the One-Day Cup. The spinner, who has not played for his country since January 2013, has now earned a recall for the remainder of New Zealand's Test tour of India, following an injury to fellow off-spinner Mark Craig. Patel who also weighed in with 298 Championship runs, has now taken more than 50 wickets in a season in four-day cricket for five straight seasons, but this season's tally of 69 is his best.
They were arrested last week by police investigating dissident republican activity in the area. Three men, aged 22, 24 and 46, have been charged with targeting a former member of the security forces in the Craigavon area. A fourth, aged 22, has been charged with the attempted murder of police officers. He is also charged with possessing explosives with intent to endanger life on 31 August in Lurgan. The men will appear at Craigavon Magistrates Court on Tuesday. A 22-year-old man arrested last Thursday as part of the same investigation was released unconditionally over the weekend. Police, who described the device as "potentially lethal", said it had been recovered during a large-scale police operation. Assistant Chief Constable Will Kerr said: "We are relieved and delighted to have taken an extremely dangerous explosive device out of circulation. "Our experience of these devices in Northern Ireland has been that they have been used to try to kill police officers. "ACC Kerr said the device had been located in a derelict house in a residential area close to people's homes. "Those responsible have absolutely no regard for the local community, or indeed any community," he said. "I would also like to thank the local community for their patience and understanding during the disruption of search activity in recent days.  Our primary aim has been community safety.
The witness also said her family had been forced to move to Spain to escape her daughter's alleged abusers. Sheffield Crown Court also heard how police lost tapes of an interview with defendant Sageer Hussain in 2003. Eight men, including Mr Hussain, deny sexually abusing three girls between 1999 and 2003. The mother of one of the alleged victims said in a statement: "Her character changed from a lovely girl to an animal.  She became horrible. "She said at one stage she discovered a mobile phone in her daughter's bedroom and rang a number stored under the name 'Waleed'. She said a man picked up the phone and said "I ain't done owt, I ain't touched her.  It isn't me". When she asked her daughter about the phone she said she burst into tears and said "They're raping me, they're raping me". She told the court after her daughter went to the police in 2003 her family were repeatedly threatened. "We were so distraught that we sold the business and the home and moved to Spain," she said. Det Con Andy Stephanek, of South Yorkshire Police, told the court the force had lost the tape of an interview with Mr Hussain when he was first questioned about the allegations. He said it appeared that "due to the passage of time they've been destroyed". The trial continues.
Kieran Innes, of Aberdeen, died after his car crashed on the A90 north of Forfar on Tuesday morning. Mr Innes was a coach with Middlefield Wasps FC.The club said in a statement: "He was a genuine nice guy and would do anything for anyone.  Kieran also ran our disability football.  He loved all his players who will miss him dearly. "'Mark of respect'The statement added: "The Wasps family has lost a true gent who will be sorely missed.  He loved the Wasps.  Thoughts go to the Innes family. "As a mark of respect we will be doing a minutes applause at each Wasps game this weekend - Kieran didn't do silence. "Police Scotland in Tayside renewed an appeal for information.
The 33-year-old goalkeeper was busy in a 3-3 draw, his first taste of the Champions League group stage. Having been the number one choice for the past two seasons, Gordon was playing after Dorus de Vries picked up an injury at the weekend. "I was happy with how I played - that's all I can do," he said. "Everybody wants to be a part of nights like that.  There is no bigger incentive to play well and keep your place. "Former Hearts and Sunderland keeper Gordon started the first nine matches of the season but lost his place to summer recruit De Vries in mid-August. Gordon was a half-time replacement in Saturday's win over Kilmarnock, with the 35-year-old Dutchman suffering a chest injury. De Vries was fit enough to be among the substitutes in a thriller with Manchester City in which Gordon made two good stops to deny Ilkay Gundogan, one late in the game from a deflected strike. "This is the highest level of club football and to finally manage that at the age of 33 is a special moment for me," said Gordon. "We'd have liked to get the three points but it was an incredible effort against a top quality side. "Asked how the match ranked in his long career, he replied: "It's right up there.  The atmosphere was just incredible. "The noise was unbelievable.  There was a couple of times when I was absolutely screaming at Kolo [Toure] to leave the ball and he just couldn't hear me.  I couldn't have shouted any louder. "Gordon, capped 44 times for Scotland, insists his self-belief has not wavered since dropping to the bench and is hoping manager Brendan Rodgers will find it difficult to reinstate De Vries. "I've always been confident in what I'm able to do," he added.  "It was other people saying my confidence was gone. "If I've not been selected, that's the manager's decision and I fully respect that. "The other side of that is that I want to play every game. "I think I've done pretty well in stages this season and if I can get a run in the team then hopefully I can go from strength to strength.
Her admirers say she played a key role in the economic development of the southern state of Tamil Nadu - but critics say she encouraged a personality cult and fostered corruption in the state. One of India's most successful actresses, her political career was marked by allegations of self-enrichment to fund an extravagant lifestyle. As head of the AIADMK party, she was elected as chief minister of Tamil Nadu on four occasions, overcoming convictions and jail terms to return to office. Jayalalitha was born on 24 February 1948 in what was then the Mysore State.  Her father was a lawyer who squandered most of the family fortune and who died when she was only two years old. She excelled at school and, after studying music and dance, began training as an actress.  Over the ensuing three decades she became one of India's most popular, and high-profile artists, appearing in more than 140 films. Naturally charismatic, she was introduced to politics by the actor-turned chief minister, MG Ramachandran, with whom she starred in many of her films. Elected to the Tamil Nadu Assembly in 1989 she took over the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Khazagham (AIADMK) party becoming the first ever woman opposition leader.  A year later she became chief minister for the first time. She championed the cause of the rural and urban poor by introducing subsidised food canteens, providing free laptops to thousands of school pupils and students and launching other populist schemes like giving away food mixers and grinders to families. Many publicly funded projects in Tamil Nadu were named after her, including a subsidy scheme, under which canteens served food at low prices. They were dubbed Amma Canteens - Amma in Tamil is Mother, an honorific euphemism by which Jayalalitha was often addressed by her followers in the state. These were followed by Amma Bottled Water, Amma Salt, Amma Pharmacies and subsidised Amma Cement. She attracted a level of support that verged on the bizarre. Some followers were known to profess their loyalty through acts such as walking on hot coals or drawing her portrait with their blood and her officials were reported to prostrate themselves at her feet. Incidents of her loyalists setting fire to themselves whenever she faced political setbacks were not unknown. She did much to encourage this cult of personality and huge cut outs of Jayalalitha  dominated the Tamil Nadu skyline. Her first term in office came to an abrupt end in 1996 when her party won only four seats in the Legislative Assembly and she lost her own Bargur constituency. The new ruling party wasted little time in investigating allegations of corruption amongst growing concerns about her extravagant lifestyle. During one raid on her premises following a corruption allegation in 1996, police said they had found large quantities of diamond-studded gold jewellery, more than 10,000 saris and 750 pairs of shoes. She was eventually charged with receiving financial incentives in a scheme to buy more than 40,000 colour televisions for local villages and served 30 days in jail. She was barred from standing in the 2001 elections because she had been sentenced to five years imprisonment following allegations she had illegally obtained state-owned propertyHowever, her party swept back into power and she was reappointed chief minister despite not having been elected to the state assembly. Although her tenure was swiftly ended, her successor was effectively under her control and in 2003, when her conviction was overturned, she successfully contested a vacant assembly seat and was once more chief minister of Tamil Nadu. But controversy continued to dog her.  There were allegations that she used the Tamil Nadu Marketing Corporation (Tasmac) - which had a monopoly on the sale of alcohol in the state - to pay for many of her pet projects. The continuing allegations seemed to do little to dim her charisma or lower her popularity.   Following the elections in April 2011, she was sworn in as chief minister for a third term. She was said to nurse ambitions of a greater role in national politics.  In the run-up to the 2014 Indian parliamentary elections many of her followers suggested she aspired to become India's prime minister, although she did not confirm this. In 2014 she was sentenced to four years in jail after being convicted of using her position to amass a huge property portfolio as well as a collection of expensive jewellery and luxury cars.  It saw her become the first Indian chief minister ever to be removed from office. However, eight months later, in May 2015, the conviction was overturned and within days she was reinstated as chief minister of Tamil Nadu. In the  following year's elections she swept back into power, winning her own seat by a handsome margin and retaining the post of chief minister. "Even when 10 parties allied themselves against me, I did not have a coalition and I placed my faith in God and built an alliance with the people. " she said.  "It is clear that the people have faith in me and I have total faith in the people. "Jayalalitha's supporters say she was instrumental in making Tamil Nadu one of India's most economically influential states.  But her critics painted her as a deeply corrupt figure who manipulated the system and saw herself as above the law.
Kvitova followed up wins over world number one Angelique Kerber and Britain's Johanna Konta with a 6-1 6-2 demolition of Romania's Halep. The two-time Wimbledon champion needed just 67 minutes to win the semi-final. Kvitova goes on to face Slovakian 10th seed Dominika Cibulkova, who beat Svetlana Kuznetsova 3-6 6-3 6-4. Cibulkova, who missed four months of the season in 2015 after having surgery on her left foot, is now close to qualifying for the eight-player WTA Finals in Singapore for the first time. "I'm a good player," said the 27-year-old.  "I can beat top players.  But I was missing consistency in my game.  This is the first year that I'm really consistent playing the whole year. "Kvitova, 26, hit 34 winners in a dominant display against Halep, overpowering the Romanian to reach her first final of 2015. "It's amazing," said the two-time Wimbledon champion. "I came to this tournament and really didn't expect this kind of performance.  Physically I'm still so-so - I'm really happy that I'm not falling apart. "But I played a really great match today in spite of everything, which really put the pressure on her.
Elizabeth Bowe, 50, was found badly injured in Bobby Jones Place in St Andrews at about 21:00 on Saturday 17 September. She was taken to Ninewells Hospital in Dundee but she died three days later. Her brother Charles Gordon, 51, appeared at Dundee Sheriff Court on Tuesday facing a single charge of murder. He made no plea or declaration and was remanded in custody. The police were called out to Ms Bowe's home before the incident. The Police Investigations and Review Commissioner's (PIRC) investigation was ordered by the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service (COPFS). A spokesman for the PIRC said: "The investigation will focus on the initial police response leading up to the incident. "A report on the Commissioner's findings will be submitted to the COPFS in due course.
The key moment was a fumble by Mayo keeper Robert Hennelly early in the second half which gifted Dublin a penalty scored by Diarmuid Connolly. Hennelly was a late inclusion in place of David Clarke but the move backfired. Deep in injury-time, Cillian O'Connor missed a difficult free which would have levelled the scores. Lee Keegan's goal put Mayo ahead midway through the first period but Dublin regrouped to lead 0-10 to 1-6 by half-time. Hennelly struggled badly with his kick-outs early on with one of his misdirected clearances leading to the black carding of the influential Keegan late in the first half in what was a huge blow for the Connacht county. Earlier, Dublin's Jonny Cooper was also black carded and a number other players from both sides - notably Dublin's John Small - were fortunate not to suffer the same fate. In the end, Dublin's stronger bench proved decisive as Cormac Costello came on to kick the champions' three final scores from play. Cillian O'Connor's ninth point of the contest left the minimum between the teams with three minutes of injury-time left but the Mayo free-taker then missed a high-pressure free from 40 metres which would have levelled the scores again. As Dublin celebrated back-to-back titles for the first time since the county's triumphs in 1976 and '77, Mayo's players looked crestfallen as they attempted to come to terms with a fifth All-Ireland final defeat in 12 years. With Hennelly struggling to pick out team-mates from his kick-outs, Dublin moved into a 0-4 to 0-0 lead by the sixth minute which included three Dean Rock points - two of which were from play. But Mayo were on terms within six minutes after a run of four points started by Patrick Durcan's superb point. Two Rock frees edged Dublin ahead again but Mayo were suddenly in the lead as the over-lapping Keegan took a perfectly weighted pass from Aidan O'Shea before hammering past Stephen Cluxton from 14 yards. Cooper's black carding moments later for a hand trip appeared a further boost for Mayo but the Dubs outscored them 0-4 to 0-2 during the remainder of the first period to lead 0-10 to 1-6 at the break. Mayo regained the lead within two minutes of the restart but were soon three in arrears after another Rock free was followed by Hennelly's howler as he was forced to concede a penalty after spilling a harmless looking ball, with his inevitable black carding followed by Connolly superbly stroking past Clarke. Mayo cut Dublin's lead to the minimum on four occasions during the remaining half hour of action but their habitual woes of errant shooting and a lack of composure prevented them from getting on terms. Once again, Aidan O'Shea was not the force that Mayo would have hoped for despite his good work for their first-half goal. Mayo: R Hennelly, B Harrison, D Vaughan,  K Higgins, L Keegan, C Boyle, P Durcan, S O'Shea, T Parsons, K McLoughlin, A O'Shea, D O'Connor, J Doherty.  A Moran, C O'Connor. Dublin: S Cluxton; P McMahon, J Cooper, M Fitzsimons; J McCarthy, C O'Sullivan, J Small; B Fenton, P Mannion; P Flynn, K McManamon, C Kilkenny; D Rock, D Connolly, B Brogan.
Stenson will play with Matt Fitzpatrick against Brandt Snedeker and Brooks Koepka while Rose partners Chris Wood against Jimmy Walker and Zach Johnson. Rory McIlroy and Thomas Pieters take on Phil Mickelson and Rickie Fowler. Spanish duo Sergio Garcia and Rafa Cabrera-Bello also stay together to take on Patrick Reed and Jordan Spieth. Stenson and Rose played together twice on Friday at Hazeltine, and their defeat in the opening foursomes match to Reed and Spieth was their first as a Ryder Cup pairing. However, they exacted revenge in the fourballs to hand the Americans their first ever loss. McIlroy, who lost to Mickelson and Fowler in Friday's foursomes when paired with Andy Sullivan, also has the chance to avenge that defeat.  The Northern Irishman is again paired with Pieters after they convincingly won their fourball match 3&2. Europe captain Darren Clarke has also opted to keep Garcia and Cabrera-Bello together after their similarly dominant 3&2 fourball victory on Friday. American captain Davis Love keeps faith with three of the foursomes pairings that dominated the opening session.  The only change is Snedeker and Koepka, who won their fourball match, coming in for Dustin Johnson and Matt Kuchar. The US won Friday's foursomes 4-0 but Europe hit back in the fourballs, winning that session 3-1.
Writing on Facebook, Vine said he too had been attacked as a 15-year-old.  He encouraged the boy not to try to be tough like his attackers, saying there was "no shame" in reading poetry and listening to "our favourite bands". "Dear Romford 15-year-old, who I'll call Ben. I don't know your name, and it's good that I don't, because I am sure you do not want to be associated with that video of the bullies savagely punching you to the ground. Bullies? They are worse than that. I was really shocked by what I saw. Loads of people were disgusted. You are just 15. Ben, something similar happened to me. I was a sensitive young teen, always trying and failing to be coolâ€¦ never athletic enough, never hip enough, a late developer, crazy hair, with uncool parents who thought church was the main event. I worshipped indie bands - Joy Division especially - in the way that sensitive souls do. I wanted to be a jock, but I was a nerd. Maybe you recognise that. One day I was at a party and spoke to a girl. Apparently she was the girlfriend of someone important. He sent his friend to beat me up. The friend said: "Excuse me, can I tell you something?"And because he was shorter than me I had to lean down to hear him. Having moved my head within range, he punched me as hard as you got punched. I had never been hit before. The shock was unbelievable - violence does that. I went down immediately just like you. My mates, also sensitive souls, were too scared to help. They were gutted afterwards. You feel humiliated.  Your pride is hurt, your head is hurt - I had a gigantic black eye. A person can get very down over a beating. Some people think depression evolved in us as a way of keeping us safe if we lose a fight - the mind and body working together to prevent you re-entering the conflict for your own safety. It took me ages before I wasn't scared of being hit again. You look over your shoulder for a while, and you feel a primal fear. That is natural, Ben. So I watched your video and saw myself. That guy who distracted me in 1980 could be the thug who hit you from behind in 2016 - such a coward. Can I give you some advice?Don't think you have to be hard like them. I tried to be a tough teenager afterwards and closed myself off like a drum. I reacted to nothing and felt nothing. Then I got to university and found people like me who would never dream of punching someone, and my life opened up like a flower. A kind lecturer was shocked when I proudly and foolishly told him I had never read a poem. He said, "We'll change that," and helped me understand the power of poetry. One day in my student room I read a poem and cried. I was alive again. Sure, I would never win a fight - I have never hit anyone in my life - but you don't need to hit people to succeed in your life. Quite the opposite. The courts will decide who assaulted you and how to punish them. In our society, what happened to you is thankfully now taken very seriously. But let me tell you something about the lads in the video. In 20 years, when you're with the person you love and hopefully in a career you have a passion for, they will still be scumbags. Their cupboards will smell of gym sweat and cheeseburgers. Each will own one suit which he wore to the funeral of a friend who died doing a wheelie on a motorway - by the way, they all wore the same baffled expression at the funeral service. They've gone from making the weather to being rained on, and they complain about it constantly. They are not something anyone wants to be with - their lives are already over. Five per cent of people are good at fighting. I'm not one and nor are you. It is very important we let the 5% fight each other. Live by the sword, die by the sword: the thug who beat me up was in hospital himself a year later after someone broke a bottle across his face. Meanwhile, you and I can read poetry and listen to our favourite bands, and if we sometimes cry, there is no shame in that. To cry is to live. The people who attacked you are the walking dead. Come into Radio 2 sometime and I'd be happy to show you around.
Towell, 25, was knocked down twice during the bout in Glasgow on Thursday and died in hospital on Friday night. His partner Chloe Ross revealed he had been suffering migraines for weeks but had dismissed it as pre-match stress. Towell was taking part in a welterweight title eliminator against Welsh fighter Dale EvansMany tributes have been paid to the young fighter from Dundee - known as "Iron Mike" - who is only the third professional boxer to die in the UK from apparently fight-related injuries in 21 years. He passed away with his family at his bedside at Glasgow's Queen Elizabeth University Hospital. In a Facebook post, his partner Ms Ross said he had suffered brain damage but "fought right to the end", surviving for 12 hours after life support was turned off. "I'm absolutely heartbroken to say my annoying best friend passed away tonight at 11. 02 very peacefully," she wrote. "Michael had severe bleeding and swelling to his brain. "He had been complaining of headaches for the last few weeks but we put it down to migraines with the stress of his fight. "It has been the longest 24 hours of our lives.  My baby has lost his daddy.  But he will be so so proud of his dad in what he achieved. "Ms Ross added: "Once he was taken off of his life support he managed 12 hours, 12 whole rounds off his life support, he fought right to the end and he's done us all so proud. . .  He left doing the thing he's best at. . .  there's only one. "The St Andrew's Sporting Club fight took place at Glasgow's Radisson Blu Hotel on Thursday evening. Towell was knocked down in the first round of the fight before recovering to continue the match. Referee Victor Loughlin stopped the fight in the fifth round shortly after Towell was knocked down by Carmarthen fighter Evans for a second time. He received treatment in the ring and was given oxygen before being taken to an ambulance on a stretcher. A spokesman for St Andrew's Sporting Club later said that Towell's management team was not aware of any headache problems leading up to the fight. Spencer Oliver, the former European Super Bantamweight champion who was placed in a coma after being injured in a fight in 1998, said Towell would not have been allowed to fight if there had been doubts about his health. He said: "He would have to have had all his medical tests.  He was in a British title eliminator so all his brain scans would have been up to date and everything would have been in place with Mike going into that contest. "But boxing promoter Frank Warren raised concerns about the reports that Towell had been suffering from headaches. He said: "If that's true, obviously he shouldn't have been fighting.   And I'm quite sure, the doctor, who examines the boxers and the medicals, if they had of known that, they would not have allowed him to box. "So, obviously once the British Boxing Board of Control complete their investigation into the matter, they'll be able to give further comment on that. "Boxing tragediesTowell's family were joined by his manager, Tommy Gilmour, during his final hours. Mr Gilmour said: "He was Iron Mike to the end, he kept fighting till the last, and we have lost an exciting boxer but, more importantly, a very special man. "I am devastated and all my thoughts are with Mike's mum Tracey, his partner Chloe and their little son Rocco. "Many well known figures in boxing paid tribute to Towell. Professional boxer turned promoter Ricky Hatton set up a JustGiving page to raise Â£20,000 to support Towell's family. Trainer Shane McGuigan said on Twitter: "Heartbreaking news that Mike Towell has lost his life.  May he rest in peace, thoughts go out to his loved ones.  #RIP"Promoter Eddie Hearn tweeted: "Absolutely devastated by the passing of Mike Towell - all of our thoughts with his friends and family at this time. "The boxer had been undefeated going into Thursday's fight, with 11 previous wins and one draw on his professional record. Veteran Labour MP Paul Flynn described Mike Towell's death as "a terrible tragedy" and renewed his call for blows to the head to be banned in sport. The shadow cabinet member twice called for the rule change through private member's bills in 1998 and and 2005 but failed on both occasions. Mr Flynn said: "I think the consciences of people in the sport are aroused by tragedies of this kind and I think people should be aware of the dangers. "We ought to change the rules in many sports and realise that the head is a very delicate part of the body and to protect it, and minimise the number of blows the brain suffers.
Sir Neville started his musical career with the London Symphony Orchestra. He later established the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, one of the world's leading chamber orchestras. Its chairman, Paul Aylieff, said Sir Neville's artistic and recording legacy with orchestras and audiences worldwide was "immense". "He will be greatly missed by all who knew and worked with him and the academy will ensure it continues to be an excellent and fitting testament to Sir Neville," Mr Aylieff added. A statement from the academy said its founder had passed away peacefully in the early hours of Sunday. Born in Lincoln in 1924, Sir Neville studied at the Royal College of Music and the Paris Conservatoire. He first played in a string quartet, then in the London Symphony Orchestra, during which time he decided to form a chamber ensemble from London's finest players. A group of friends began rehearsing in Sir Neville's front room, before taking their name from the London church of St Martin in the Fields where they staged their first performance in 1959. The academy, which Sir Neville became life president of, says it now has one of the largest collections of recordings of any chamber orchestra in the world. Sir Neville has been widely honoured for his work which includes recording the soundtrack for the 1984 film, Amadeus, and becoming the oldest conductor to lead at the Proms, in 2014 at the age of 90. In March, he was made a Companion of Honour by the Duke of Cambridge at Buckingham Palace, and has also been honoured in France, Germany and Sweden.
Police fired tear gas to disperse protesters angered at their handling of Sunday's event, witnesses told the BBC.Protesters say violence by the security forces led to the stampede, but the PM denied security forces had opened fire. The government has declared three days of national mourning. A doctor at a local hospital which received many of the dead told AFP news agency that he had seen no evidence of bullet wounds on the bodies. At the funeral of one of the victims in the town of Dankaka earlier, Tadese Biru, speaking to Reuters news agency, described his anger at his son's death. "The government is playing God's role. . .  Could this have happened if there were a so-called democratic system in place?"I saw bodies of people being loaded into trucks to be transported to the regions, just like aid wheat and maize.  These are humans!"The town of Bishoftu, where the stampede took place, saw further unrest on Monday morning, according to an Ethiopian government official, quoted by the Associated Press news agency. Crowds took to the streets in Ambo, Guder, Bule Hora and other towns in the Oromia region in response to the deaths, witnesses told Reuters. In Ambo, 120km (75 miles) west of the capital, Addis Ababa, a local student said that everything was closed and gunshots could be heard, Reuters adds. Online, some Ethiopians have replaced their Facebook profile pictures with a black square, in solidarity with the victims. In a national address on state TV,  Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn praised the security forces' "great efforts" to protect the public and blamed "evil forces" for the deaths on Sunday, vowing to bring to justice those responsible. Thousands had gathered for the religious festival in Bishoftu, 40km (25 miles) from Addis Ababa. The annual Irecha celebration is an important festival at which the Oromo people welcome spring. But the crowds were chanting, "We need freedom" and "We need justice", witnesses said. Police say they fired tear gas after anti-government protesters threw stones and bottles, but others said demonstrators were entirely peaceful. The national flag is flying at half-mast at all government buildings while regular programmes on state radio have been replaced with music, AFP reports. Witnesses said the stampede started after police fired tear gas. One protester told Associated Press he almost died after falling into a deep ditch as he was trying to flee.  He was pulled out but the first people who fell into it had suffocated, he said. An Oromo activist, Jawar Mohamed, was quoted as saying that nearly 300 people had been killed and many more injured. He said troops and a helicopter gunship had opened fire, driving people off a cliff and into a lake. The government-affiliated Fana Broadcasting Corporate (FBC) reported that people died falling from the cliff around the lake but it made no mention of a helicopter opening fire. There has been a series of deadly clashes in Ethiopia in recent months. People in  Oromia and Amhara, two of Ethiopia's most populous regions, have complained about political and economic marginalisation. The US has expressed concern about what it termed the excessive use of force against protesters. The unrest was sparked last November by a plan to expand the capital into Oromia.  This led to fears that farmers from the Oromo ethnic group, the largest in Ethiopia, would be displaced. The plan was later dropped but protests continued, highlighting issues such as marginalisation and human rights.
Radwan Hamed collapsed during a game in Belgium in 2006.  Last year a judge ruled Spurs breached its duties to him. In a screening prior to signing for the club, an electrocardiogram test showed his heart was "unequivocally abnormal" but he was not stopped from playing. The club regretted a former employee had been remiss in their duties. In a statement, the family of Mr Hamed, who is now 27, said they were "relieved" a settlement had been reached, following a decade-long legal battle . "Just as Radwan had no choice but to start his difficult journey towards recovery, we had no choice but to start the difficult journey to obtain justice," they said. "We risked losing our home and faced personal financial ruin in order to pursue justice for our son. "The club did not tell us or Radwan about his potentially fatal condition.  Had they done so, Radwan would not have continued to play football. "The teenager collapsed during the game against Cercle Bruges on 4 August 2006 and was rushed to an intensive care unit but suffered oxygen starvation to his brain. In the 2015 hearing, Mr Justice Hickinbottom ruled the club was 70% liable or Mr Hamed's injuries and Dr Peter Mills, the Football Association's regional cardiologist for South East England, was 30% liable. The Premier League club will not be hit with a fee directly as their 70% portion was incurred by physicians they previously employed, who have agreed to indemnify the club. Football Association rules require all football academy recruits to be referred to a cardiologist to help identify those prone to potentially fatal heart conditions. Mr Hamed's MRI scan showed no obvious signs of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, but Dr Mills wrote to Spurs saying the condition could not be excluded on these findings alone. Eleven months later, the teenager, who was unaware his tests had revealed an "abnormal" heart condition, signed a contract with Spurs. A spokesman for Spurs said: "The club wholeheartedly regrets that a former employee, as adjudged, was remiss in their duties to Radwan. "This judgment will hopefully now secure the best possible treatment and care for him.
3 October 2016 Last updated at 13:34 BSTGreater Ardoyne Residents Collective (GARC) supporters, including spokesperson Dee Fennell, confronted the high-profile priest after the Orange Order Parade passed the Ardoyne shops. A small crowd of protesters accused him of taking sides with Sinn FÃ©in and the Orange Order against a majority of local residents. Fr Donegan has ministered in the Ardoyne area for the last 15 years, and is due to take up new duties next week at the Tobar Mhuire retreat centre in Crossgar.
The stark prediction is included in a briefing document prepared by the university and obtained by the BBC.The document also warns of the impact of a "harder" border on staff working at the university's Londonderry campus. "Should border checkpoints be re-established, this would have an adverse impact on staff mobility," it said. Two-thirds of UU's staff from the Republic of Ireland work at the Magee campus in Derry. "There is also some concern that the vote to leave the EU could result in prospective EU students withdrawing their applications," the document continued. UU had 1,332 EU students in 2015/16 - including 1,206 from the Republic of Ireland - who paid a total of £3. 3m in tuition fees. UU are calling for the government to provide reassurances about the immigration status of EU students and clarification on their tuition fees and access to student loans. EU students currently pay £3,925 per annum in tuition fees - the same as Northern Irish students. EU nationals studying now will continue to receive current loans and grants until they finish their course. However, the document said: "We are currently awaiting confirmation on ongoing arrangements for EU students in Northern Ireland when the UK leaves the EU."It also estimated that UU's future share of EU research funding would be worth 17m euros every year. For instance, the university has received almost 10m euros since 2014 from Horizon 2020, an EU research fund. The document said that further funding of 10. 5m euros for 2016/17 from that programme is currently in negotiation. Horizon 2020 is worth 80bn euros and awards funding for research and innovation. It is open to UK institutions while the country remains a member of the EU.The document called for clarification "as to whether UK universities can participate in EU research collaboration and funding programmes after the UK formally leaves the European Union". "In a context where we planned to double our external EU research grant income this is of grave concern to the university", it said. Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond previously said EU-funded projects signed before the Autumn Statement later this year would be guaranteed by the Treasury after the UK leaves the EU.However, the UU document warned: "There is already substantial anecdotal evidence that UK institutions (including Ulster University) are being asked to leave consortia applying for EU funding.
Herd, 27, capped four times by Australia, was a free agent after cancelling a move to Perth Glory. Nouble, 25, spent last season at Chinese side Tianjin Quanjian. "In Frank, we've signed a strong, powerful and determined striker.  Chris's versatility will be a big boost for us," said boss Justin Edinburgh. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The Hannover forward, who will also miss Austria's game in Serbia on Sunday, has been replaced by Sturm Graz striker Deni AlarHarnik is the team's most-capped player, with 14 goals in 61 matches. Alar is the leading top-scorer for Austrian league leaders Graz, with nine goals in as many games.
Innogy Renewables UK Ltd had been proposing a hydroelectric scheme on the River Conwy, near Betws y Coed in Snowdonia National Park. But on Wednesday it said it had decided to shelve the Conwy Falls project. The application had been due to be considered by Conwy council planning committee next week. Innogy Renewables UK said the decision to withdraw the application was made following a late request for additional information. It said that Natural Resources Wales' river basin management plan for western Wales had been updated last December, including a change to the sensitivity of salmon fisheries, following which further information had been requested. The project, providing power to 3,200 households, attracted opposition from environmentalists, anglers, canoeists and businesses. The firm has previously said it would have had a positive impact on the environment but campaigners were worried half an acre of the centuries-old Fairy Glen Wood would be destroyed by the build. In March, the park's authority turned the plans down, asking for clarification on "minor issues". Innogy Renewables UK Ltd said it would now consider its next steps. Conservation charity the Snowdonia Society said it was "relieved that the immediate threat to the wonderful Conwy Falls and Fairy Glen has passed, but concerned that it could resurface yet again".
Ben, from Sheffield, was 21 months old when he disappeared from near a farmhouse in Iraklis on 24 July 1991. The site, which is 750m from where he was last seen, is close to where officers started digging last month. They were clearing an area where it is believed a digger driver may have accidentally run Ben over on the day he disappeared. Officers are working on the theory that Konstantinos Barkas, who died of cancer in 2015, might be responsible for Ben's death. Read more about this story and others from across Sheffield and South YorkshireDet Insp Jon Cousins said the search at the second site was of "great significance" and would take four days. "It is at a different site to the farmhouse but I understand from what other people are telling me. . .  that some material is believed to have been moved from that area and could well be here," he said. Mr Cousins said the searches, which have now been taking place for nearly two weeks, would continue in the area around the farmhouse. "There are still primary sites here [at the farmhouse] that I need to make sure we go through.  But I do think it's important to start work on the second site as well. "On Wednesday, Ben's grandfather Eddie Needham spent about two hours with police touring the area when the toddler was last seen. Mr Needham was renovating the farmhouse when his grandson went missing and police hoped he would be able to explain how the site looked at the time. An extension of the building, added since Ben's disappearance, was demolished on Wednesday. A team of 19 South Yorkshire Police officers, forensic specialists and an archaeologist have been excavating the area as a result of a television appeal earlier this year which brought the theory about Mr Barkas to the attention of the force.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThey will be skippered by Jos Buttler after limited-overs captain Eoin Morgan and Alex Hales decided not to tour. Bangladesh army commandos performed drills inside the stadium on Thursday. "We witnessed a graphic demonstration of the response capabilities of the Bangladesh army," said England security chief Reg Dickason. No international side has toured Bangladesh since 20 people were killed in a siege at a cafe in Dhaka in July. The England and Wales Cricket Board said in August that tour would go ahead following a security review. Justin Rowlatt, BBC correspondent in DhakaYou can hear the England team coming from streets away.   It isn't the roar of the fans, because even the Barmy Army decided not to risk coming to Dhaka.  What you hear is the scream of sirens. In Bangladesh, the England team bus travels with a phalanx of motorcycle outriders and a fleet of police cars jammed full of heavily armed officers. The ECB's security team gave Bangladesh the all clear but the authorities here don't want to take any chances.  An incident-free England tour will be evidence to the world that Bangladesh isn't as dangerous as many fear.  Any attack would be a disaster for the reputation of the country. But there is a risk that the small army guarding the cricket - not to mention the elaborate drills the Bangladeshis carried out inside a cricket stadium, complete with helicopters and a litter of pretend corpses - exaggerates the dangers to foreign visitors. This is not a country in the grip of fear.  Out on the streets of Dhaka the atmosphere is just as friendly and welcoming as I've always found it. That said, earlier in the week I stopped for a cup of strong sweet tea at a stall in a busy market. "Aren't you worried?", asked the chaiwala - the tea man. "Why?", I asked. "Because you are the only white man here. "I looked around.  He was right. On Thursday, the team watched the evacuation rehearsal inside the stadium led by the Rapid Action Battalion, the special security force of the Bangladesh police. "It's quite eye-opening and something you hope we will never ever have to see for real," said Buttler.  "It's a shock and it's sad that it has to be there. "Everything has been in good order.  Travel to and from the ground has been great for us although I'm sure it's been a bit frustrating for the locals. "Security has been great so far, I think the guys within the group haven't even mentioned it. "Buttler leads England for the first time in a one-day international as the team look to make amends for the 15-run defeat by Bangladesh in Adelaide that knocked them out of the World Cup last year. England have been in superb form since the World Cup, but Buttler believes the tourists will be underdogs against a team who have won their last six ODI series on home soil. "There's no real motivation for revenge," said Buttler.  "It's going to be a fantastic challenge for us as a group, this journey that the ODI side has been on in the last two years, it's a different one that lost to Bangladesh in the World Cup in Australia. "It's not going to be easy for us.  Bangladesh are very strong at home in their own conditions, and you look at the recent successes they've had in the ODI series.  We don't mind being underdogs at all - that's something that probably suits us. "If England name the same XI that beat a Bangladesh Cricket Board XI on Tuesday it would mean an international debut for Northamptonshire batsman Ben Duckett.
The 29-year-old finished 11th in the -94kg class for Armenia, where he was born, but has since switched to represent the United States. A retest of his 2012 sample revealed the presence of a steroid. A total of 43 weightlifters have now failed retests from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games. Six more competitors from Vardanian's event at the London Olympics are already facing disqualification after retests found steroids. Vardanian was previously banned for six months in 2009 after testing positive for cannabis.
For hosts Forfar Athletic it was a second successive home 3-1 defeat after a run of nine straight wins. Draper put the Welsh champions ahead after 24 minutes only for Stuart Malcolm to reply after the break against the run of play. Forfar were on top after the break, but two Draper strikes won the tie. The Welsh side who started their season in the Champions League qualifiers came to Forfar in confident form with 11 straight wins behind them and they looked the more imposing side in the opening 20 minutes. Alex Darlington, who had scored both goals in a midweek domestic win, had the first opportunity of the match, but goalkeeper Grant Adam got down smartly to save his 20-yard effort. TNS wasted another chance as Aeron Edwards came into the box unmarked to meet a corner but sent his header back across goal and off-target. The Welsh side were dominating possession and the Scottish League Two leaders were struggling to link with Jim Lister and Josh Peters, who were trying to provide an attacking threat. TNS took the lead after 23 minutes, but it was tinged by controversy. Forfar were convinced they had won a corner, but a goal-kick was awarded that was swiftly taken and a defensive mis-header found its way to  Draper, who controlled the ball and slipped it beyond Adam. TNS wasted two further chances to add to their lead before Forfar hit back. Peters forced a save from Paul Harrison in the TNS goal, but from the resultant corner, Malcolm powered a header in off the bar. Control switched to Forfar after the break as the home side enjoyed better possession and created the better opportunities. Jim Lister was twice denied in the same move, with Phil Baker blocking his second effort, while goalkeeper Paul Harrison produced a fingertip save to deny Jamie Bain. Forfar continued to press and a powerful Martyn Fotheringham free-kick just finished the wrong side of the post. TNS had shown little in an attacking sense in the second half had the inspiration of substitute Robbie Parry to thank for the goal that put them ahead. He finished his run into the box by shooting past Adam and Draper netted. Draper, with one New Zealand cap to his name, secured his hat-trick three minutes from the end when Adam misjudged a long ball and the striker took it past him at the edge of the box to secure victory.
If you have eaten a handful of spicy chicken wings in Angola recently or perhaps polished off a lemony "yassa poulet" in Senegal, there is a good chance your chicken travelled some distance before finding its way on to your plate. It depends where you live in Africa, but chickens are increasingly migrating - in freezers - from Brazil, Germany or other European Union countries to the continent. Imports of chicken to sub-Saharan Africa tripled between 2004 and 2014, according to figures from the US Department of Agriculture. Here's a look at reasons behind the huge increase and what can be done to help fatten up the continent's poultry industry - in four points:1) Why chickens not cows?Africa has a growing population, which is projected to double to 2. 5 billion by 2050, and with that has come an increased demand for the consumption of meat, of one variety in particular. "Chicken is the first choice of meat for most Africans," says Kevin Lovell, chief executive of the South Africa Poultry Association. The higher cost of beef and some of the religious restrictions around pork in parts of Africa help explain the preference for chicken, he says. As more people move to the city, their dietary patterns begin to change and they are more likely to choose meat from a local fast food joint, or one of the global chains that have proliferated across the continent in recent years. The fast-food chain Kentucky Fried Chicken now has more than 700 outlets in Africa, operating in 13 countries. "The production of meat has not caught up with the demand. . .  driven both by the rise in the population but also by the urbanisation phenomenon," explains Calestous Juma, a professor of International Development at Harvard University. And the growth really is phenomenal.  By 2030, 50% of Africans, numbering more than half a billion, are expected to be living in cities, up from 36% in 2010, according to World Bank estimates. 2) Hungry birdsMany Africans will be familiar with the "road runner" chicken, which can often be found in the backyard roaming freely. These birds tend to feed themselves and are known for being tough but tasty. As a means to feed the family or make a small income these low-input birds tend to do the job. However, when it comes to intensive farming, a steady supply of chicken feed which is made up of maize and soya is vital. But weak agricultural systems in Africa mean that feed often has to be imported at a high cost, hampering farmers' efforts to ramp up their grain production. Napoleon Oduro, is a Ghanaian poultry and egg farmer with a 500-bird farm, a few hours outside of the capital Accra. He tells me that the imported feed he relies on costs him $25 (Â£20) for a bag of 50kg (110 lb). And with each bird eating about 2. 5kg of feed per month, he says costs can quickly become prohibitive. 3) Breeding a "super chicken"It is not just the high cost of feed, but the fact that most African chickens need more of it than their fellow birds in developed markets. African farmers do not have the same access to broiler chickens, birds which are specifically bred and raised for meat consumption. "Many agencies that work in Africa try to come up with what they call locally adapted breeds but it is always a half answer because those birds will never convert animal feed into food as efficiently as the modern improved Western breeds," says Mr Lovell. Prof Juma puts this down to a lack of research facilities, which makes it harder to support breeding programmes on the continent. He cites Kenya, where about 80% of the poultry production is based on less productive traditional breeds, as a prime example of the problem. However, there is some good news on this front. The African Chicken Genetic Gains project is on a mission to bring "more productive chickens to African smallholders". Led by the International Livestock Research Institute (ILRI), and backed by the deep pockets of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, it aims to improve the genetic makeup of African chickens. The initiative, which is initially being rolled out in  Ethiopia, Nigeria and Tanzania is part of what the Microsoft founder has called his "big bet" on chickens, which also includes a promise to donate 100,000 of the birds to families and communities in the world's poorest nations. Top tips from African chicken farmers:"I started off seven years ago with 400 broilers and 300 layers but I realised that maintaining broilers was more expensive.   Raising feed is also tough, my chickens can consume 300kg of food a day! But from my business I sent my three kids to school and bought a car. Tip: "If you want to start small, start with broilers, they are cheaper and in six weeks you will be selling.  And if you are rearing broilers and layers ensure they are kept separately. ""Finding a market is a challenge, there are big international companies that flood the market with cheap chickens and stifle local farmers from growing.  The cost for feed is high and occasionally thieves break into my pens. "Tip:"You can sell your chickens at four weeks, but it is better to wait for six weeks, the meat is better, the chickens heavier. ""My local chickens get attacked by eagles and diseases regularly.  Getting treatment is not easy.  Poor rainfall makes it hard to grow feed.  It is available for sale but expensive.  But from my business I have sent my two boys to college and two girls to secondary school. "Tip: "To protect your chicks from eagles I dye them sky blue to disguise them. ""In 2011 I started with 50,000 chickens, my farm has now grown to a company that employs not less than 400 people.  We face many challenges - banks are not interested in lending and with the credit crunch, costs for raw materials for our feed have almost doubled. "Tip: "Be ready to spend more on chicks from reputable hatchery even if your neighbour's farm is selling cheap chicks. "4) Import dilemmaOne of the major obstacles for farmers in Africa is the flood of imports from Brazil, Europe and the US.Those working in the African poultry sector put this down to a preference for white meat in Western countries. "In Europe, in particular most people want to eat breast meat and they will pay a lot more for breast meat in a supermarket than they would for dark meat [wings, thighs and legs] and that difference allows the company to make a profit and sell the dark meat for less than it costs to  produce it," says Mr Lovell. "When it gets to South Africa, Ghana, Angola or wherever else in Africa, that causes a problem because the local farmers can't compete. "In an attempt to bolster local production, various governments across Africa, including those of Botswana, Nigeria, Namibia and Swaziland, have attempted to address the issue by imposing import restrictions. Botswana, with more than three decades of strong import restrictions on poultry behind it, now produces enough chickens to feed its own people. But it also has the most expensive frozen chicken in the region, according to recent research, with critics calling for the government to open up market up to competition to bring prices down. Mr Oduro has the same problem over prices: "Customers will say that what we produce here in Ghana is expensive as compared to the imported chicken. "But the Ghanaian farmer criticises the government for a lack of intervention, saying that it has failed to invest and support his sector for many years. "We are not against imports, we are crying for a policy that will make the Ghanaian farmer competitive.
The Australian, 21, beat world number 29 Querrey 6-4 6-4 in 53 minutes to progress to the second round. Kyrgios, ranked a career-high 12th in the world, won the Japan Open on Sunday and is closing in on the top 10. "I was just a bit bored at times," said Kyrgios, when asked why he was not his usual vocal self against Querrey. "I was feeling very tired.  It was just tough.  I'm just tired so maybe I just wanted to get the job done. "Kyrgios said his success in Japan, and the travelling involved in playing at the Qi Zhong Stadium, an hour from Shanghai city centre, had taken its toll. "I didn't have the greatest sleep last night and obviously got in late the day before," he said.  "The ride to the courts isn't great either. "It was at the Shanghai Masters last year that Kyrgios was fined $1,500 (£984) for a foul-mouthed outburst, describing the tournament a "circus".
He was minister of information for the group, and oversaw the production of propaganda videos showing executions. A statement posted online did not say when, where or how he had died. The Pentagon last month said an air strike killed him near Raqqa in Syria on 7 September. He was among the few remaining founding members of IS, and had reportedly played a leading role in setting up the jihadist group's key media outfits, including Amaq news agency, and in launching its multilingual magazines, such as Dabiq. Born Wa'il Adil Hasan Salman al-Fayad in Iraq, his nickname 'al-Furqan' is thought to be derived from his reported role in running al-Furqan Media Foundation - IS's long-standing media arm. The media chief, who was known as an ultra hard-liner, had also been a member of the IS leadership group, the Shura Council. Experts say he had no public profile prior to his death, nor was he officially mentioned by IS before. Such secrecy is thought to be in line with the group's policy on most of its top figures during their lifetime. The confirmation of his death comes at a time when research shows that the volume of IS propaganda is in decline. A new study, by the Combating Terrorism Centre of the US military academy at West Point, logged fewer than 200 items in August, down from a peak of more than 700 the year before. Abu Mohammed al-Furqan was a close associate of another one of the group's propagandists, Abu Muhammad al-Adnani, who was killed in an air strike in August. Adnani was one of the group's most high-profile figures with a $5m (Â£4m) bounty on his head.
The 27-year-old joined the French Top 14 club in 2015 and was a member of the side which beat Quins in the European Challenge Cup final in May. South Africa-born Catrakilis has previously played for Super Rugby franchises Southern Kings and Stormers in his homeland. He also won the Currie Cup twice with Western Province. "The fly-half position is hugely influential in the game and Demetri has all the physical and mental attributes required to dominate at the highest level," Harlequins director of rugby John Kingston said. "Our ability to secure this signing already is a reflection of our commitment to focus hugely on Harlequins' recruitment needs for the future. "Quins have not disclosed the length of Catrakilis' contract at The Stoop.
Timm van der Gugten, Michael Hogan, Graham Wagg and Craig Meschede took on the bulk of the fast bowling duties across all three formats in 2016. Van der Gugten was the leading wicket-taker with a haul of 82. "You can never have enough good fast bowlers, so that would be top of the shopping list," Morris said. "If we can find some money in the bank, we need to supplement our fast bowling department, of that there's no doubt. "Timm van der Gugten proved what an excellent cricketer he is.  He was a really good addition. "Australia-born Netherlands international Van der Gugten joined Glamorgan before the 2016 season. Teenager Lukas Carey topped the Championship averages with 13 wickets in three games, but Ruaidhri Smith was limited to one match by university commitments and injury. The county hope that leading batsmen Colin Ingram and Chris Cooke will be fit to resolve their batting problems after long-standing injuries. Ingram is hoping for a comeback in South Africa by November after a knee operation on the problem that restricted him to limited-overs cricket in 2016. Cooke is due to step up training in late October 2016 after being laid low by a back problem in May, although he was advised against surgery. "There's no doubt they left a big hole in our side this year, two of our most experienced and best batters," admitted Morris. He is also hoping for a bigger contribution from captain Jacques Rudolph, who managed just 659 Championship runs. "Jacques had a really disappointing summer, he's been a professional cricketer for 19 years and this was his most challenging summer," Morris added. "But I know what a proud man he is and a good player and he's determined to turn that round. "Morris says a record of three wins and eight losses in the Championship was disappointing, but points to the progress made by younger players. Aneurin Donald, David Lloyd, Nick Selman, Owen Morgan and Kiran Carlson all hit maiden Championship 100s in 2016.
The judge cited a possible conflict of interest in the case of Asia Bibi. Hundreds of riot police had been deployed around the Supreme Court in the capital, Islamabad. Blasphemy is a highly sensitive issue in Pakistan - critics argue laws are frequently misused to settle personal scores, often targeting minorities. Last year the Supreme Court suspended Asia Bibi's death sentence and gave her leave to appeal. A new date for the hearing has yet to be set. Judge Iqbal Hameed ur Rehman, one of three set to hear the appeal, recused himself from the case on Thursday. "I was a part of the bench that was hearing the case of Salmaan Taseer, and this case is related to that," he told the court, AFP reports. Mr Taseer was the liberal governor of Punjab province.  He was killed by his own bodyguard in Islamabad in 2011 after speaking out for Asia Bibi. Family in hidingAsia Bibi was the first woman to be sentenced to death under Pakistan's blasphemy laws and her case is one of the most controversial. She was sentenced to hang in 2010 for insulting the Prophet Muhammad during an argument with Muslim women which began over a cup of water.  She denies the charge. Thousands have protested against her and said they would kill her if she were ever released - including the imam in her own village.  Her husband and four daughters live in hiding and say they have received many death threats. Asia Bibi's death sentence had been confirmed by the High Court in Punjab province in October, although no date was set. Correspondents said the granting of leave to appeal by the Supreme Court was the first glimmer of hope for her family. Her lawyers say the trial and subsequent appeal in the Punjab high court were flawed. Pakistan has never executed anyone for blasphemy but some people accused of the offence have been lynched by crowds.  Lawyers, judges and those seeking to reform the blasphemy laws have also been threatened, attacked or even killed. Since the 1990s, scores of Christians have been convicted for desecrating the Koran or for blasphemy. While most of them have been sentenced to death by the lower courts, many sentences have been overturned due to lack of evidence. Muslims constitute a majority of those prosecuted, followed by minority Ahmadis.
Pte Sean Benton, 20, from Hastings, was found with five bullet wounds to his chest in June 1995 while on guard at a perimeter fence at Deepcut. An original inquest into his death recorded a verdict of suicide. His family applied for a new hearing after using the Human Rights Act to access evidence held by police. His twin, Tony Benton, and sister, Tracy Lewis, wept and said: "We are just happy and relieved.  It's been too long. "A spokesperson for the Ministry of Defence (MoD) said: "We care deeply about our young recruits and our thoughts remain with the family and friends of Private Sean Benton. "BBC Local Live: For the latest updates and more newsThe malevolent culture at Deepcut barracksJustice Collins said fresh evidence had "come to light which casts some doubt upon the correctness" of the original decision. He added that under article two of the Human Rights Act there was material that questioned the care Pte Benton received from the Army at the time. Mrs Lewis said: "Our family had just 20 years with Sean.  It has taken us another 21 to secure the thorough, independent inquiry we should have seen immediately after his death. ""For two decades, our family has been tormented by questions about what Sean went through at Deepcut," she added. "If his death had been properly investigated in 1995, we would have been spared years of uncertainty and pain. "It should be a source of huge shame to the Ministry of Defence and Surrey Police that our mother had to fight for so long - far longer than she should have had to - to force the authorities to answer basic questions. "The family said the original inquest took less than two hours and heard from six people.  A criminal investigation seven years later found no evidence of third party involvement. Pte Benton's medical records were not obtained and no evidence was gathered or presented about his experiences at the base. The family, who are represented by human rights group Liberty, believe he was subjected to severe bullying. In a statement, the MoD said: "The Armed Forces will not tolerate abuse, bullying, or discrimination.  All allegations are taken very seriously and will be thoroughly investigated, either by the civil or military police and, where appropriate, action will be taken. ""It would be inappropriate to comment further while legal proceedings are ongoing -  we will assist the coroner as necessary," it added. Pte Benton was the first of four young soldiers to die at the barracks between 1995 and 2002. Pte Cheryl James, 18, from Llangollen, North Wales, shot herself in November 1995, according to a second inquest into her death which concluded in June.  However, the coroner criticised a lack of training, structure and inappropriate sexual relationships in the camp. Pte James' father, Des, said he had applied to the MoD for a full public inquiry into what went on at the barracks. Pte Geoff Gray, 17, from Hackney, east London, was found dead with two gunshot wounds to his head on 17 September 2001. Pte James Collinson, 17, from Perth, was found dead with a single gunshot wound through his chin on 23 March 2002. A date for the fresh inquest into Pte Benton's death is yet to be set.
Broady and Watson struggled to make an impact in their first final as a pair with the top seeds from Chinese Taipei winning in just over an hour. It is the Chan siblings' third trophy of the year. Watson suffered a second-round singles defeat by Caroline Wozniacki, while Broady failed to get past round one. The 26-year-old was beaten 6-2 6-2 by British top seed Johanna Konta. "I want to thank my partner," Broady, who reached the women's doubles third round at Wimbledon with Watson this year, told BT Sport. "We've been best friends since we were about nine years old so to arrive at a final together on the same side of the net is just awesome, and I really enjoyed playing with her.
Johnston's goal put Kilcoo 1-6 to 0-6 up early in the second half and was always likely to prove decisive in such a low-scoring contest. Kilcoo's lead was cut to a point but the Down champions moved three ahead again and then held on. Scotstown duo Francis Caulfield and sub Brian McGinnity were sent off late on. Caulfield was dismissed after getting a second yellow card while McGinnity saw red after appearing to strike impressive Kilcoo full-back Darragh O'Hanlon. The Monaghan champions, beaten by Crossmaglen after extra-time in last year's provincial final, only had points from Darren Hughes and Donal Morgan to show for their early domination as several other good chances were missed. Kilcoo hit back with five unanswered points after Aaron Branigan opened up their account in the ninth minute. Conor Laverty's typically busy display was crucial to Kilcoo's improvement as Donal Kane, Paul Devlin (two) and Martin Devlin also notched points. After being held scoreless for almost 20 minutes, Scotstown found their range again late in the first half as the lively Shane Carey pointed a free and keeper Rory Beggan also hit the target from a 45 after missing three earlier long-range efforts. Aidan Branigan's departure at half-time looked a blow for Kilcoo but instead his replacement Johnston went on to become the central personality in the match. The sides were level at 0-6 a piece when Johnston held his nerve to produce a great finish past Beggan after Laverty had flicked on a long ball. After Shane Carey's reply, Johnston looked to have palmed in a second Kilcoo goal but the effort was ruled out - harshly it appeared - for a square ball. The controversial decision looked as though it could be match-turning as another Carey point cut Kilcoo's lead to the minimum but crucially Beggan and Carey then missed chances to get Scotstown on terms. Paul Devlin's superb long-range point and an Aaron Morgan score, after more great work by Laverty, left Kilcoo three ahead with three minutes of normal time left and Carey's seventh point was all Scotstown could summon in the remaining eight minutes of action. In addition to Johnston and Laverty, Niall Branigan and Darragh O'Hanlon were among Kilcoo's stars as they set up a meeting either Kilcar or Glenswilly on 30 October.
Team Brewster beat the Olympic silver medallists skipped by David Murdoch 7-2 9-5 at Perth's Dewars Centre on Sunday to clinch the men's spot. Playing third for Brewster is Glen Muirhead, brother of winning skip Eve. Her rink claimed the women's place with three wins in a best-of-five tournament decider against Hannah Fleming's team. "I thought it would go to three finals," said Brewster, who will be competing in his first European Championships at the event from 19-26 November. "Dave's team were throwing the stones really well but we got off to a great start and a three in the third end gave us the lead and we managed to keep it. "It hasn't really sunk in yet and it will be great to compete in a home event.  We have trained really hard, the ice has been good this week and the guys have played great.  Now we need to do more of the same at Braehead. "For Eve Muirhead, there is the excitement of playing in a European Championships in her home country. "I think that makes a massive difference," she said. "To get the chance to represent your country in your country is something quite special. "Any team that's there has earned the right to be there so it will be tough as usual and I guess you've got to go there on form.  Our new coach Glenn Howard's going to be there with us and he's brought a lot to this team so far. "Meanwhile, Glen Muirhead's long-term girlfriend Anna Sloan, who plays third for Team Muirhead, makes her return from injury this week. Glen said: "It's going to be exciting for us both.  We're going to be motivated to push each other on and likewise with my sister. "It's just that extra little couple of per cent and, home soil at Braehead, so there's even more to look forward to.  I'm excited and it should be fun.
Alex Hartley took 4-24 and Katherine Brunt 3-35 as the hosts were bowled out for 155, despite captain Stafanie Taylor's 57. England looked tense at 56-2 in the chase, but Nat Sciver's unbeaten 58 saw them home with 67 balls to spare. The victory means England are one win away from World Cup qualification. That could - and should - be achieved on the tour of Sri Lanka in November, when England will play three matches in the ICC Women's Championship. Not only have Heather Knight's side moved a step closer to booking a place in the home tournament in 2017, they have secured an impressive series victory in her first overseas tour in charge. Without wicketkeeper Sarah Taylor, who remains on a break from the game to deal with an anxiety problem, and injured pace bowler Anya Shrubsole, they have beaten the World Twenty20 champions in hot, humid conditions and on slow, spin-friendly surfaces. It is those conditions that have made run-scoring so difficult and the toss so important - in all four previous matches the side batting first had gone on to win. England again had to field first, albeit the later sunshine made batting easier in the afternoon, and their bowlers ensured the run-chase would be manageable. After Brunt and Georgia Elwiss removed Shaquana Quintyne and Hayley Matthews respectively, Hartley and fellow spinner Laura Marsh got to work on the middle order. With Marsh providing the squeeze from one end, Hartley's accuracy induced poor strokes from Deandra Dottin, Merissa Aguilleira and Shemaine Campbelle. Taylor once again held the innings together with her third half-century in the five matches, but when she was stumped it gave Hartley a 13th wicket of the series, an England record in ODIs. With Brunt and off-spinner Knight running through the lower order, West Indies lost their last five wickets for 24 runs. England were in a strong position chasing 224 in the fourth ODI, only to give away five run-outs in a 42-run defeat. Here, they were restricted by West Indies' spinners early on, Lauren Winfield chipping Matthews to mid-wicket for 12 and Tammy Beaumont caught and bowled by Afy Fletcher for 34. With tension rising, the hosts threatened to find a way back into the match, especially with Knight dropped by Anisa Mohammed at short fine leg on only three. But the skipper combined with Sciver to reverse the pressure, scoring freely down the ground and, at one point, adding 26 runs in three overs. Though Knight was caught behind off impressive leg-spinner Fletcher, Sciver found an ally in the busy Danielle Wyatt on the way to her sixth ODI half-century. Wyatt was brilliantly caught at long-on by Britney Cooper, and Elwiss was bowled by Dottin, but there was to be no England wobble, with Amy Jones hitting the runs that sealed the series. England head coach Mark Robinson told BBC Sport: "It's absolutely outstanding.  We've had it tough.  It's been ever so humid, red hot, and the wickets have been massively challenging. "We've come to their back yard, they were on a high after winning the World T20 and we've shown a lot of character.  I'm really proud of them. "Hartley is a tough cookie.  She doesn't shy from hard work and she's bowled outstandingly.  She's got a big future if she keeps working hard. "We're a young team and we're learning as we go.  We feel we're going in the right direction and we feel we have shown everybody what we're made of. "Ex-England batter Lydia Greenway on BBC Test Match Special:"England have shown a huge amount of character.  Everyone in this series has played their part. "There have been little turning points in individuals' careers, like Lauren Winfield playing consistently. "A sign of a good team is showing consistency in all different kinds of situations and I'm sure they will want to carry that on when they go to Sri Lanka.
The 26-year-old Samoan, who started his career with Manly Sea Eagles, made six appearances for the NRL champions last season. He told the club website: "I'm ready now to take my game up to a new level and Castleford sounds perfect for me. "I'm looking forward to playing for a club that plays such a big part in the community.
Hamilton is 33 points behind the German with 100 available in the last four races, the first of which is the US Grand Prix in Austin, Texas on Sunday. The Briton said: "You can't win them all.  Look at the great champions who lost titles.  It's part of the game. "I'm going to give it everything I've got and everything is possible. "Should he lose, Hamilton said "life would move on" and he would hopefully "come back stronger". The 31-year-old has won three of the four US Grands Prix held at the Circuit of the Americas since the event made its debut in 2012, and said he was "excited" about the weekend. Hamilton pointed out he has the worst of the reliability issues at Mercedes this year, with engine problems affecting his results at four separate races, including a failure while leading in Malaysia earlier this month. Without these problems, Hamilton would be leading the championship rather than trailing Rosberg, who has so far had only one reliability issue affect his points total, costing him three points at the British Grand Prix. Hamilton said: "We have always had close battles.  If all things were equal, there would be a certain result. "This year has been a little different in terms of how our performances have been mechanically and there is nothing I can do about that. "When the car has been good, I have often done the job with it and there has been a few, especially in the first few seconds of the race, when I have not done that well.  But that's motor racing. "Hamilton has had five bad starts this year that have cost him positions, compared to three for Rosberg. He said he had been working on the problem again with Mercedes before coming to Austin. "It has been an ongoing thing all year long - perhaps more work than in other areas," he said.  "I was working on it at the factory last week and we hope we have a better formula this weekend. "Hamilton's behaviour in the pre-race news conference on Thursday was very different from his controversial performance in the same event in Japan two weeks ago. In Suzuka, he was relatively disengaged from the process, referring journalists to his social media outlets for answers to questions, and spent time posting pictures on Snapchat of himself and fellow driver Carlos Sainz with cartoon animal features. In Austin, he was polite and concentrated and gave long, considered, thoughtful answers - much more his normal self. He also explained why some journalists had been blocked from following him on Twitter, saying he had only recently found out about it. "I don't manage every single part of my social media," Hamilton said.  "I have a couple of people doing it for me.  It was a blocking spree.  I don't even have the app on my phone. "He said the general approach was for people to be blocked if they said something negative - and those affected had not just been journalists. Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel said Hamilton had every chance of ending the year with a fourth title. Asked if it was realistic for Hamilton to catch Rosberg, the four-time champion said: "Of course.  He is quick enough and there are enough races. "I am sure he will go for it.  Four races is a lot of laps to do, a lot of things that can happen.  It is only over when it's over. "Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
"I'm really looking forward to it - the home of Scottish football," said Rodgers ahead of his maiden visit. "I hear the pitch is good, a nice big pitch suits the speed in our team and our intensity. "The technical area goes right out to the end of the pitch, but you might need a taxi to get back to your staff. "This will be Rodgers' second taste of the Old Firm derby and his experience of the fixture got off to a great start with a 5-1 league victory at Celtic Park last month. "It was a brilliant performance by the players in every aspect," he recalled.  "Obviously this one is on a neutral ground, but we'll be looking to have a similar performance. "We'll be prepared and focused.  We know it's going to be a tough game.  We anticipated that the last time. "Rodgers is also aware Celtic's visit to Hampden last season in the Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers ended in defeat. "The last experience there wasn't so good for Celtic," he said.  "But it's a different team with a different mentality and we'll look to take that mentality into the game. "Rodgers lost two semi-finals in his time at Liverpool and is aiming to make it third time lucky at the club he joined in the summer. "You have to perform - that's what's important and if you get little bit of luck along the way then hopefully you'll get the result that you want. " said the Northern Irishman. "So, for us, it's really looking at our performance level, which in the main has been at a really high level. "My focus is always on my own team and, if we impose our style of play, it can give a lot of problems to opponents. "Unlike predecessor Ronny Deila, Rodgers would not be drawn on this semi-final being a step on the way to a potential domestic treble. "It's very, very difficult to achieve," he said.  "There's been great managers here in the past that haven't achieved that. "But it's the first competition where we've a chance to win a trophy and I've always said that it's a priority for us because it's the first one. "Our idea was to qualify for the Champions League, which we did, to make a good start in the league, which we've done, and then look to get to the League Cup final. "Unless you can do that then you don't have the chance to win the trophies.
Archibald, 22, dominated the event, with Dutch rider Kirsten Wild second and Belgium's Lotte Kopecky third. That came 24 hours after she won her third consecutive women's individual pursuit title, having gained silver in Thursday's elimination race. The Scottish cyclist won gold in the pursuit quartet at the Olympics in Rio.
The group are due to be brought to a hostel in the countryside near Great Torrington, Devon on Sunday or Monday. The children will be transported from Croydon, south London, where they were taken from the Jungle camp by a private security company. The Home Office said they are unaccompanied, vulnerable children. It is not clear if the children are among a group that arrived under the "Dubs amendment" which grants refuge to particularly vulnerable individuals, such as those who are unaccompanied and without family ties in the UK.The purpose of the temporary facility is to provide a safe and welcoming place before the children are reunited with family members or moved to other parts of the country, Devon Country Council said. The council said it is working with the police, NHS and other local authorities as part of the "emergency response". "These will be vulnerable young people," Councillor James McInnes said.  "They will be frightened and they will be exhausted, and we as an authority have a statutory responsibility to support those that present in Devon. "Dozens of private security guards will accompany the group.  A source told the BBC most of those expected in Devon are over 16 years old. Geoffrey Cox, Conservative MP for Torridge and West Devon, said the move will not be a "permanent institution". "The majority of the children will only be here for a few days," he said. "They will be under 18 and there is no question of anyone over 18 coming. "The Home Office declined to comment on the details of the transfer, but added the children were often traumatised and their privacy should be respected as they received support to rebuild their lives.
The BBC has obtained details of the major survey. Almost 70% - 2,479 - of the university's 3,600 staff took part in the survey earlier this year. Only 29% of staff who responded agreed senior leaders provided "effective leadership".  One in five said the university managed change effectively. Fewer than a third gave positive responses to questions about leadership and direction. Queen's recently introduced major changes to some faculties and more than 140 staff left under a voluntary redundancy process in 2015-16. However, staff were more positive about other aspects of the university, with two-thirds saying they were proud to work there. Almost nine in 10 who responded said Queen's had a high standing in Northern Ireland, while two-thirds would recommend it as a "great place to study". The vast majority of respondents - 89% - said that they found their work interesting. While only a quarter of staff agreed that "Queen's works as one university", more than three-quarters said it was "committed to world class research". However, fewer than a third of staff believed any action would be taken as a result of the survey. In a statement, a Queen's spokesperson said the university was committed to "staff engagement and a positive work environment". "The positive results highlight a number of key strengths, including staff respect, interesting work and a sense of personal accomplishment. "The university is now working in partnership with staff in the development of action plans in response to the results. "This process will enable staff to initiate change in those areas highlighted as challenges and to build on the strengths identified in the survey. "The survey was carried out in April, but the results have just been circulated.
The France midfielder has accepted a violent conduct charge for the incident during Saturday's goalless draw. Sissoko, 27, apologised but was charged by the Football Association.  Spurs will not appeal against the decision. His suspension will include Tuesday's EFL Cup tie at Liverpool, plus league games against Leicester and Arsenal. The FA said the incident was missed by match officials. "I need to say the elbow was in the face of Arter and it is clear," Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino said on Monday. "We are in a period where we need all the squad, all the players to compete.  It's difficult now because he is a player who was in our plans to play tomorrow, so we have to change a little bit. "Speaking to Match of the Day after Saturday's game, Arter said he was happy to accept Sissoko's explanation that the contact was accidental. He said: "I never want to see a player get into trouble if they didn't mean to.  Sissoko apologised.  I'm happy to move on from it.
Atkinson, who can also play in midfield, has made 20 appearances for the Magpies since signing in July 2015, following his release by West Brom. The 22-year-old has yet to play in a League Two game this season, but has featured twice in cup competitions. He could make his debut for the Heed when they travel to face struggling Guiseley on 25 October. Meanwhile, on-loan Carlisle midfielder Russell Penn, 30, has extended his loan stay with Gateshead until 26 December.
Schmidt was sent off by the referee for insulting Hoffenheim's Julian Nagelsmann in Saturday's 3-0 home loss. "That was nothing, what sort of a nutcase are you? Just shut your mouth," Schmidt shouted after going 2-0 down. The 49-year-old has been banned for two games and handed a 15,000 euros (£13,373) fine. The German was sanctioned after triggering a suspended sentence from February this year. He had been banned for three games, with a further two in the event of a repeat offence before June 2017, for refusing a referee's order to leave the sidelines during a 1-0 defeat to Borussia Dortmund. Schmidt will be unable to have any contact with the team for half an hour before, during and after Tuesday's German Cup second-round match against Lotte and Saturday's league match against Wolfsburg. Leverkusen's director of sport Rudi Voller has sought a meeting with the head of the disciplinary committee.
Kluber struck out eight of the first nine outs registered and Roberto Perez hit two home runs as the Cubs endured a miserable return to the season finale. The Cubs' last World Series win was in 1908, while the Indians clinched their most recent title in 1948. Game Two of the best-of-seven series begins at 00:08 BST on Wednesday. The first pitch has been brought forward an hour because of the threat of rain in the Cleveland area.
The German-based team, which won Le Mans 13 times between 2000 and 2014, finished third in 2015 and 2016, with both races won by Porsche. Formula E, the world's first electric racing series, only started in 2014. Audi chairman Rupert Stadler said: "We're going to contest the race for the future on electric power. "Ten teams - including Renault, Audi and Jaguar - currently take part in the Formula E series, with two new entries to be allocated for 2018-19 subject to the approval of the International Automobile Federation (FIA). Formula 1 champions Mercedes are considering taking an option to join. "As our production cars are becoming increasingly electric, our motorsport cars, as Audi's technological spearheads, have to be even more so," Stadler added. Pierre Fillon, president of the Automobile Club de l'Ouest, which organises the Le Mans race, said: "It was with emotion that we all learned this morning about Audi's decision to withdraw from endurance racing. "Although prepared for this, we regret the departure of a major figure in endurance racing for a different adventure.
The 29-year-old Tongan, who joined the Giants from New Zealand Warriors in September 2012, was ever-present in the 2016 season. "I am so excited that the club has given me the opportunity to stay," Ta'ai told the club website. "The fans are fantastic and I am excited to be given the chance to stay here for another two years.
The Boeing 767 bound for Miami experienced an "uncontained engine failure", officials involved in the investigation said. The pilot aborted the take-off and evacuated everyone on board via emergency chutes as black smoke billowed from the plane. Twenty people suffered minor injuries, the fire department said. Nine crew members and 161 passengers were on board. A federal official quoted by the Associated Press news agency said the plane appeared to have suffered a rare and serious type of engine failure in which parts break off and are spewed outside the engine. Passengers reported an explosion followed by flames and black smoke as the plane was speeding down the runway. Sarah Ahmed said everyone on the right side of the plane rushed from their seats and moved to the left side. "People are yelling, 'Open the door! Open the door!' Everyone's screaming and jumping on top of each other to open the door," she told WLS-TV."Within that time, I think it was seven seconds, there was smoke in the plane and the fire is right up against the windows, and it's melting the windows. "The incident took place at 14:35 local time (19:35 GMT). An initial statement by Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) said the plane had burst a tyre, but that information was later deleted from the statement. Why do people grab their bags after a plane crash?American Airlines said passengers who still wanted to travel had been put on another flight to Miami. Elsewhere, a FedEx plane caught fire at Fort Lauderdale, Florida, airport after its landing gear collapsed on landing, the FAA said.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Stags dominated for long spells and had the best of the chances, but twice found themselves behind. For the second successive home game the Stags lost possession and were punished on the counter-attack as Jordan Slew ran onto the ball in his own half and raced clear on 14 minutes, leaving Jamie McGuire in his wake, and he slotted home across Brian Jensen and off the far post. It was their only effort of the half with Argyle keeper Luke McCormick by far the busier. He stopped a tame early Matt Green effort, tipped away a curling James Baxendale shot, made a fine block from Ashley Hemmings and watched a Mitch Rose blast sail over the bar. But Mansfield were level on 58 minutes as Green flicked on a Rose cross and Hemmings blasted home a rising shot under the far angle from the far post. Hemmings twice came close to another, firing just wide and hitting a post. But the Pilgrims, who have only lost once in 16 games snatched it as Slew fed Fox to fire home an excellent finish from 18 yards. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Mansfield Town 1, Plymouth Argyle 2. Second Half ends, Mansfield Town 1, Plymouth Argyle 2. Delay over.  They are ready to continue. Delay in match Sonny Bradley (Plymouth Argyle) because of an injury. Malvind Benning (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by David Ijaha (Plymouth Argyle). Foul by Malvind Benning (Mansfield Town). Ryan Donaldson (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick on the right wing. Yann Songo'o (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Darius Henderson (Mansfield Town). Foul by Darius Henderson (Mansfield Town). Ben Purrington (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Darius Henderson (Mansfield Town). Yann Songo'o (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick in the attacking half. James Spencer (Plymouth Argyle) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Krystian Pearce (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by James Spencer (Plymouth Argyle). Substitution, Mansfield Town.  Danny Rose replaces Lee Collins. Yann Songo'o (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Malvind Benning (Mansfield Town). Attempt saved.  Rhys Bennett (Mansfield Town) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Substitution, Plymouth Argyle.  David Ijaha replaces Jordan Slew. Attempt missed.  Ashley Hemmings (Mansfield Town) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right. Substitution, Mansfield Town.  Darius Henderson replaces James Baxendale. Goal!  Mansfield Town 1, Plymouth Argyle 2.  David Fox (Plymouth Argyle) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Jordan Slew. Foul by Yann Songo'o (Plymouth Argyle). Matt Green (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Plymouth Argyle.  Conceded by Chris Clements. Corner,  Plymouth Argyle.  Conceded by Malvind Benning. Corner,  Plymouth Argyle.  Conceded by Krystian Pearce. Substitution, Mansfield Town.  Jack Thomas replaces Mitch Rose. Mitch Rose (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Ben Purrington (Plymouth Argyle). Attempt missed.  Graham Carey (Plymouth Argyle) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Attempt missed.  Yann Songo'o (Plymouth Argyle) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Attempt saved.  Ashley Hemmings (Mansfield Town) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. David Fox (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Rhys Bennett (Mansfield Town). James Baxendale (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by David Fox (Plymouth Argyle).
In the first World Series game at Wrigley Field since 1945, Coco Crisp was the Indians' match-winner. The 36-year-old outfielder came off the bench for a pinch-hit single that scored Michael Martinez from third base in the seventh inning. The fourth game in the best-of-seven series takes place in Chicago on Saturday. The Indians are seeking their first World Series title since 1948, while the Cubs are trying to win their first crown since 1908 to end America's record longest sports title drought. "It feels good," said Crisp, whose sister nicknamed him "Coco" after a cereal box character. "You want to do something that can help the team.  Fortunately enough for me it was the hit.
England, chasing 273 for victory, collapsed from 100-0 to 164 all out as Bangladesh claimed their first Test victory over the visitors. "With the atmosphere of the crowd and men around the bat, it is really difficult," Cook told BBC Radio 5 live. "To do well here you have to be able to handle and repel that. "Cook put on 100 runs Ben Duckett, who made an aggressive 56 before becoming the first wicket to fall in a frantic evening session. England's collapse was the third worst by any team who have been 100-0 in Test history. "Maybe we showed our inexperience, in one sense, in sub-continent conditions in terms of batting," Cook added. "I was just looking around the dressing room at how much cricket people have played in the sub-continent and it is not a huge amount. "I don't think we should have been chasing 270.  We bowled OK but there were chances that we needed to take. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceCook, who will take the same squad to India for a five-Test series beginning on 9 November, said he has "thinking to do" about the make-up of his side. "You try and pick a team to win the game and we know we are underdogs going into that India series," he added. "I'm really glad that we came to Bangladesh and that it was the cricket that's done the talking, not the security.  You saw what cricket means to the Bangladeshi people. "Bangladesh had not played a Test since August 2015 before England's arrival after Australia postponed their tour in October 2015 over security concerns. "We are getting in there but hopefully if we play more Tests I think there will be more good results coming," captain Mushfiqur Rahim said. "Hopefully the ICC and the boards will send us a couple of series against the big boys. ""The next challenge is our overseas form.  We have to adapt really well because you can't get home conditions everywhere. "Ben Stokes has been fined 15% of his match fee and handed one demerit point for breaching the ICC Code of Conduct during the final day's play. The incident happened during the morning session when Stokes ignored the on-field umpires' repeated requests to stop sledging Bangladesh batsman Sabbir Rahman.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceIn Wayne Bennett's first competitive game in charge, England were pipped by one point to fall to defeat at Huddersfield's John Smith's Stadium. The 17-16 loss, along with Australia's win over Scotland put hopes of reaching the final in doubt, although there are still two matches to play. "It's only the first game of the tournament," the 28-year-old said. "If we dwell on the bad things we won't do very well.  We have to look at the positives, we have the right man in charge [in Bennett]. "This will take a day or two to get over, we have to focus, we did a lot of good things and we need to take that into next week. "One positive of Saturday's loss was the continuation of the Leeds Rhinos man's terrific scoring record, crossing for his 29th international try in 29 games. Hall has the opportunity to take his tally to 30, five more than Sam Tomkins and extend his lead as the top scorer in England Test history. "Its bittersweet," Hall added to BBC Sport.  "It was a great assist from Gareth Widdop, but ultimately the bigger picture stuff, that we lost the game is hard to take. "It's fine margins, that's Test match rugby and the most disappointing thing is that we had enough to win the game. "Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
The announcement comes as RAF stations in Lincolnshire celebrate their 100th anniversary. There has been some uncertainty in recent years whether the team, based at RAF Scampton, would be retained. Sir Michael said: "They are a key part of our defence engagement. . . , and I don't think the public would let us lose the Red Arrows. "There has been speculation in the media in recent years that the Red Arrows could be axed as part of defence cuts in the UK.In 2014, The Express reported the Queen was said to be worried about the team's future. Politicians, including Labour's Vernon Coaker, have also previously said there can be no guarantees. Speaking to BBC Look North, Sir Michael said: "Eventually we will have to replace the aircraft, and we will start to think about that in the next year or two. "He said any attempts to axe the team is "not a fight I would have". The Red Arrows is currently taking part in a 60-day world tour aiming to promote "the best of British", which includes its first ever display in China. RAF Waddington, Cranwell and Scampton are all holding events marking 100 years in the county. Sir Michael added that "Lincolnshire is central to the RAF's story, and has a proud history". He cited the Dambusters' role in World War Two, and the Vulcan involvement in the Falklands conflict, and the work being done today to tackle terrorism in the Middle East. RAF Cranwell is also home to the RAF's Central Flying School, which under the leadership of Robert Smith-Barry, revolutionised flight training for new pilots. Amendment: This story was changed on November 1 to reflect the defence secretary's comments that the Red Arrows fleet would be reviewed rather than imminently replaced.
Robinson led the club back to the Premiership in May, ending their seven-year stay in the Championship. But Bristol have lost all seven top-flight games so far this season, leaving them bottom of the table. The 52-year-old former England and Scotland head coach has been in charge at Bristol since 2013. Robinson only signed a new three-year contract with the Ashton Gate side in August, but they have since lost all nine of their competitive fixtures - including two in the European Challenge Cup. A club statement said: "Bristol Rugby have decided, following the extremely disappointing start to the season, to appoint Mark Tainton as acting head coach with immediate effect. "Kicking coach Tainton, who joined Bristol prior to the start of the season, has previously worked at London Irish, Wasps and for the Ireland national team coaching staff. "This is clearly a very difficult time for the club, but we remain confident we can retain our position in the Premiership," added Bristol chairman Chris Booy. Since Bristol's long-awaited return to the top flight began with an encouraging 21-19 loss at Harlequins on the opening day, both results and performances have failed to meet expectations. A heavy 70-22 defeat at Wasps on 18 September set the tone for a defence which has conceded 34 tries in seven league games. Injuries have undoubtedly hampered Robinson's side, with 15 senior players ruled out of October's Challenge Cup loss at local rivals Bath. Long-term absentees have included influential former Wales centre Gavin Henson, who was forced off injured in both of his two appearances this season, including Sunday's 31-13 home defeat by Sale Sharks. BBC Radio 5 live rugby union reporter Chris Jones"Bristol spent seven seasons down in the Championship, so it's no surprise that they have acted swiftly following their chastening start to their Premiership campaign. "Although the club say Robinson is suspended, not sacked, it's hard to see him returning to take charge of team affairs, and it's likely the suspension is a case of negotiating severance. "Mark Tainton will be acting head coach while a review is carried out, with Bristol needing a dramatic upturn in their fortunes on the pitch to avoid an immediate return to the second tier.
The 25-year-old wing has crossed codes from Super League side Wigan Warriors, in arguably the most high-profile switch since Sam Burgess' move to Bath. Burgess' time in union only lasted a year, but Chorley-born Charnley is hoping he can take to the game more naturally. "I just want to learn it and not have to ask where I should be stood.  I just want to have it free-flowing," he told BBC Sport. Since his move to Sale was announced in March, Charnley has been to the AJ Bell Stadium to watch the team as much as possible. With his focus on league as a youngster, he did not grow up watching the Premiership, Six Nations or England internationals. "I've wanted to try union for a while," he added. "I've been lucky enough to be successful in league and achieve things that not many people can achieve so when the opportunity came to switch codes, I couldn't turn it down. "I've been watching a lot of games and analysing it.  It is one of those where I need to watch as much as I can as I need to know what I need to be doing. "Charnley said he was having to adapt to a different way of training and the pace of the game in union. "I was doing some clearing out the other day and it hurt my neck," Charnley said with a wry smile. "It is getting my body used to it.  I'm used to running between two people and getting up and down and this is different. "It's good, it's a new challenge and I'm excited for it all. "He signed off with his hometown club in the perfect way, scoring a try at the Grand Final at Old Trafford as Wigan beat Warrington 12-6 last month. His stats in rugby league were staggering - 165 tries in 176 appearances - and Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond does not want to suppress that natural ability to cross the whitewash. "We're not going to take away anything that he has already got, we can't enhance that at all at the moment," said 48-year-old ex-Sale hooker Diamond. "We have a good management structure here.  We understand what we're bringing from one sport to another and the differences in the codes. "We have to settle him in; we don't want to rush him in.  I think he will be nothing like the Sam Burgess affair that happened. "There is a long line of Wigan players moving to union, and in recent times both Chris Ashton and Joel Tomkins have become cross-code internationals, but still the most successful was Jason Robinson's switch. England head coach Eddie Jones has spoken about Charnley as having the ability to join the list of players who have represented their country in both codes. "The potential is there, without a doubt," former Sharks and England winger Mark Cueto told North West Tonight. "You don't want to pile the pressure on him but he has the ability to do it, and I'm sure he will. "He has such a good career so far, so as a long as he does that in a Sale shirt then he is always going to have a sniff. "Asked if he thought about running out at Twickenham, Charnley added: "Any player wants to play for their country.  You want to put that jersey on.
After weeks of speculation about whether the Governor of the Bank of England would extend his time as its head in reaction to the referendum result, Mark Carney surprised many people in the City and in government by announcing a decision that few had considered. Although many officials at the Bank believed that Mark Carney had two options before him - stay until 2021 or leave as originally intended in 2018 - the governor proffered a third. Extend, yes, but for just one more year. Superficially, it appeared to be a rather awkward fudge. Did Mr Carney feel under political pressure not to extend until 2021 despite wanting to?Was he so disillusioned by the gloomy economic predictions for the UK that he would rather not stick around to see the full effects of the Brexit vote?Or was there another issue weighing on his mind: how his family would feel about another three years in the UK with a father who is regularly away at some global summit or other one weekend in every two?The third, it appears, was the clincher. When Mr Carney took office in 2013, the notion that Britain would be beginning the difficult process of negotiating its way out of the European Union three years later (a process described by the former head of the World Trade Organisation, Pascal Lamy, as something akin to "taking an egg out of omelette"), was a remote one. But that all changed on 23 June. Beyond trying to stabilise the economy, it also created a personal issue for the Governor. If he left in 2018 as originally agreed, it would be right in the middle of Britain's exit negotiations. Should he, therefore, extend his term to the full eight years that governors would usually be expected to serve?That might provide a greater level of certainty for jittery markets. And the Governor certainly understood the challenge of the job had changed, telling those close to him that an extension was an option and he "wanted to serve" - discussions which led to predictions in the media he would serve the full eight years. But, a number of weeks ago in far more private discussions, he started talking about a "third way" - the short extension. The reasons were personal and unique. In 2018, one of Mr Carney's four daughters will be finishing her A-levels, and another will be completing her GCSEs. Like everyone, I have personal circumstances that I have to manage.  This is a role that requires total attention and devotion.  I intend to give that for as long as I can. For his family, this was the perfect moment to return home to Canada and its much lauded education system. He hinted at how important that was in evidence to the economic affairs committee of the House of Lords last week. "To be absolutely clear, it is an entirely personal decision," he said about whether he would extend his stay. "No one should read anything into that decision as regards government policy - actual, imagined, potential, past.  It is an absolute privilege for me to have this role.  I fully recognise that. "Like everyone, I have personal circumstances that I have to manage.  This is a role that requires total attention and devotion.  I intend to give that for as long as I can.  Those are the only factors. "Those around Mr Carney dismiss any notion of "tension" with the Prime Minister, who was certainly keen for the Governor to extend his period in office to 2021.  However, Theresa May was clear that it was up to Mr Carney to make the decision. Neither did criticism from those who believe the Bank's pre-referendum economic forecasts were too gloomy about the effects of a Brexit vote get under his skin, they add. Professionally, Mr Carney was clear that it would difficult to leave in the teeth of the Brexit negotiations. But, with his family leaving in 2018 as originally planned, he only felt able to extend his time in the UK by one year. By then the Article 50 process of decoupling Britain from the EU should be complete.  It will then be for a new Governor to plot Britain's economic future.
The Garfield Weston Foundation made the award to the Mackintosh Campus Appeal, which aims to raise £32m. The Mackintosh building was badly damaged by fire on 23 May 2014. Contractors who are restoring the iconic Grade A-listed art nouveau building hope to have completed their work by the end of February 2019. Philippa Charles, director of the Garfield Weston Foundation, said: "The Garfield Weston Foundation supports organisations and activities that share a commitment to making a positive impact on the lives of the communities in which they work, and that are driven by a desire to achieve excellence. "The Glasgow School of Art sits at the heart of the Garnethill community and the people of Glasgow hold the Mackintosh building dear. "We are delighted to be able to support the Mackintosh Campus Appeal which will enable the GSA to bring this iconic building back as part an extended campus and enable the internationally-renowned Glasgow School of Art to recover fully from the impact of the fire. "The art school announced earlier this year plans to purchase the former Stow College building in nearby West Campbell Street for its expanded Garnethill campus. The aim is to provide additional space to accommodate a 25% increase in student numbers by 2018. News of the £500,000 donation emerged as the Secretary of State for Scotland, David Mundell, prepared to host an event for the Mackintosh Campus Project at Dover House in London. Mr Mundell said: "It is a real pleasure to host tonight's fundraising event for the Mackintosh Campus, and to support the rebuilding of an iconic British institution which has produced so many leading architects, designers and artists. "Professor Tom Inns, director of GSA, added: "It is an important opportunity for us to share our ambitious plans for the campus redevelopment, including bringing together all pathways of the School of Fine Art for the first time in many years in a refurbished Stow Building, and to give an update on the restoration of the Mackintosh Building. "After the Mackintosh building blaze, an investigation by the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service concluded it was caused by flammable gases from a canister of expanding foam. The report said the gases ignited as they came into contact with the hot surface of a projector.
Warning: Readers may find some of the details of violence in this piece distressing. It was late October 2014, and on paper the young banker had lived what could only be described as a privileged and successful life.  But over the space of a few drug- and alcohol-fuelled days, he tortured and killed Sumarti Ningsih, 23, and Seneng Mujiasih, 26, before calling the police to let them know what he had done. In court, lawyers described a much darker side to his apparently gilded existence, one involving drugs, sexual sadism, and an extreme personality disorder. Jutting had tortured Ms Ningsih for three days, before he killed her by slashing her throat over a prolonged period, nearly decapitating her.  He then hid her body in a suitcase. A few days later, Jutting brought his second victim, Ms Mujiasih, to his flat.  This was a woman he would go on to describe simply as "the prey" he had been hunting. "Sumarti was generous.  That much is clear from the evidence in the house.  Her driving force was to improve life for her family, to make them richer.  Life may be peaceful in the village but she would have been all too aware of the possibilities of a life with more material comforts. "The story of Sumarti: Born in Indonesia, murdered in Hong KongExperts for the defence say Jutting's IQ score is 137 - putting him in the top 1% of the population.  But they also diagnosed him with four disorders, which they said combined to lead to the killings:•Narcissistic personality disorder•Sexual sadism disorder•Cocaine use disorder•Alcohol use disorderProsecution witnesses argued that such conditions should not "substantially" diminish his ability to control his actions.  But according to the defence, when it came to his narcissism, the signs were there from an early age. Jutting was born in London in 1985.  His first name Rurik was chosen by his mother, and literally translated as "great one" - it was an imperial dynasty in Russia. He described himself as an ambitious boy who had a happy childhood.  But even from a young age, Jutting displayed feelings of superiority and entitlement, his defence argued.  He was admitted to the prestigious private school Winchester College in his early teens but was disappointed that he ranked sixth in the scholarship selection, rather than first. When his mother expressed delight at his entrance exam results, Jutting commented that he found her reaction "almost insulting", because it implied that she was surprised he had got in. There were other troubling episodes.  When he was 16, his father tried to take his own life by slashing his wrists while he was in the house.  Jutting had to help provide the initial care and go to hospital with him. Jutting also said he had been sexually assaulted by another student while studying at Winchester.  In 2003, he was seen by a psychiatrist, who said he experienced suicidal thoughts and that he was affected by knowledge of his parents' marital problems and concerns about his mother's health. Nonetheless, Jutting excelled academically, being admitted to Cambridge University to study history and law at Peterhouse college.  A fellow of the college, who asked to remain anonymous, told the BBC Mr Jutting was ambitious, a keen athlete, committed to his studies and from a stable Catholic background. British banker guilty of murdersKilled by Jutting and forgotten by Indonesia'We were lucky it wasn't us' (video)Jutting gained first class honours in his history degree but was disappointed to receive a 2:1 in law, and challenged the examiner's approach.  The inability to accept criticism, psychiatrists said, was another sign of his narcissistic personality traits. On graduation, Jutting worked at Barclays bank, before being head-hunted by Bank of America Merrill Lynch.  His role involved developing complex tax products and, within a few years, his salary had risen to £270,000 ($334,705) per year. But then, things began to go wrong. In 2012, while trying to market a tax product in Luxembourg, auditors began investigating his team for possible violation of regulations, flagging up Jutting in particular as a serious risk to the organisation.   Jutting described this as a "negative turning point" in his career and felt his move to Hong Kong the subsequent year had been arranged by bosses to get him out of the way. At one point, his manager told Jutting he was one of the most unpredictable people he had ever worked with. Jutting's alcohol use was also uncontrollable around this time, as he needed to drink excessive amounts in order to get to sleep.  His then-girlfriend was so worried about his reliance on alcohol she banned him from drinking at home.  He briefly saw a psychiatrist at this point, and said he often felt down and tearful at work. By the time he had moved to Hong Kong in October 2013, he was consuming three quarters of a bottle of vodka to sleep and using cocaine.  He said he smuggled cocaine up his rectum on his flight to Hong Kong. Once in Hong Kong, he rented a flat in The J Residence, a luxury development in Wanchai popular with expatriate workers.  Although located in a busy street in the heart of the city, the development gives off a sense of exclusivity.   Keycards are needed to access individual floors, while the sheer height of the building, at over 41 floors, means that residents can enjoy views of Hong Kong's skyline - from the bar, garden, and even swimming pool on the roof. But Jutting described himself as feeling increasingly despondent and nihilistic in the city.  He did not have much of a social life  and spent long periods drinking at home while playing computer games. Jutting also had extreme sexual interests, and an obsession with sadistic pornography, experts said.  He began using sex workers in 2009 and as time went on his behaviour became increasingly forceful.  On a number of occasions, he removed condoms during sex without their consent, despite knowing this would constitute rape in the UK.Jutting continued to fantasise about rape and kidnap even while he was remanded in a psychiatric centre after his arrest, prosecution expert Dr Kavin Chow said. By 2014, he was "spiralling out of control".  He would go on cocaine binges that lasted for days.  At one point, he missed a scheduled meeting in London and, as an excuse, he told his boss he had HIV. He developed a round-the-clock craving for the drug, his weight ballooned and in the weeks before the killings took place he stopped going to work.  Instead, he spent hours watching and reading violent pornography. He attempted to find men on Grindr to have sex with, later telling a psychologist he had been "trying to do everything I could to get new experiences", but described everything as "disappointing". On 25 October 2014 Jutting took Ms Ningsih to his flat, after offering to pay her for sex. They had had sex on one occasion before, in a hotel, but things had got so violent that Ms Ningsih asked to end the session early, and refunded half his money.  On this second occasion, the sex also switched from consensual to non-consensual, as Jutting began to beat Ms Ningsih. He then held her captive, and tortured her using pliers, his belt, sex toys and his hands.  He filmed some of the torture on his phone, in footage that was shown to the jury.  The details that follow are distressing and brutal. Jutting claims he drifted in and out of the influence of cocaine: "When I became relatively less under the influence of cocaine I became quite apologetic - I told her repeatedly I loved her," he said in one police interview.  Yet, in another interview, he said that he hadn't tortured Ms Ningsih as much as he would have liked, before killing her. He killed her on the third day, after he made her kneel in front of the toilet bowl, with her hands tied behind her back, and lick the bowl.  He then cut her throat with a knife but Ms Ningsih did not die immediately, so her dragged her into the shower and continued. Jutting recorded several videos describing the aftermath of the killing on his phone.   Eventually, he wrapped up the body and placed it into a suitcase, which he left on the balcony. Jutting began planning to torture a second victim on 31 October.   He bought tools, including sandpaper, nails and a blow torch, filming them on his iPhone, describing how he might use them to torture a victim. That night, he went out and met Ms Mujiasih, inviting her back to his flat for sex.  They began kissing and cuddling on the sofa but Ms Mujiasih began shouting when she saw a gag by the sofa.  Jutting held a knife against her throat, telling her he would kill her if she continued to struggle.  She continued struggling, and he killed her by slashing at her neck. He later told police: "She was simply, the word I'd use is prey.  I was hunting for prey and she was unfortunately the person who was hunted". After taking more cocaine, he says he contemplated taking his own life.  He eventually called 999.  He also called his boss, saying: "I'm in a lot of trouble, you need to do something about the reputation of the bank. "Even though he had not been to work in the two weeks leading up to the killings, the office was still on his mind. After he killed Ms Ningsih, he changed the out-of-office message from his work email to: "I am out of the office.  Indefinitely.  For urgent enquiries, or indeed any enquiries, please contact someone who is not an insane psychopath.  For escalation please contact God, though suspect the devil will have custody.  [Last line only really worked if I had followed through. . ]"On one occasion, according to an expert witness, Jutting likened his life to The Truman Show, a movie starring Jim Carrey about a man who's entire life, unbeknownst to him, is a TV show. This too may reflect his narcissism because Jutting wanted to believe that "his life was so significant that… millions of people would be interested in watching it". He is now likely to spend much if not all of it in jail.
The two nations meet in a 2018 World Cup qualifier on Armistice Day, also known as Remembrance Day, when the United Kingdom remembers those who have lost their lives in war. But Fifa, who are in charge of world football, say they do not allow any nations to have any political, religious or commercial messages on shirts. They had turned down a request to allow England and Scotland's players to wear armbands with poppies on. The FAs have now said that they will let their players wear the armbands anyway and will accept any punishment. Poppies are worn by millions as a symbol to remember those who have lost their lives in war or been injured. British Prime Minister, Theresa May, has said Fifa's refusal of players being allowed to wear poppies is "outrageous". Speaking at Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday, she said: "Our football players want to recognise and respect those who have given their lives for our safety and security - I think it is absolutely right they should be able to do so. "The Football Association of Wales has also written to Fifa requesting permission to wear poppies on armbands during their game against Serbia in Cardiff on 12 November but has not yet said if it will ignore the ban.
Midfielder Garrett scored in the 3-1 victory at Shamrock Park but should not have been on the pitch. Ards have now been handed the win on a 3-0 scoreline and move up to seventh in the league, with the Ports now eight points adrift at the foot of the table. The matter was discussed by an Irish FA Disciplinary Committee on Wednesday. According to the IFA website, Garrett was to serve a one-match ban, effective from Monday 24 October, but Portadown say they understood that the suspension was to commence a week later. A statement released by the IFA on Thursday morning said the sanction had been imposed for a breach of Article 22. 1 of the Disciplinary Code "following consideration of Portadown's written comments". "The Committee was satisfied that Portadown knew or ought to have known the current rules with regard to suspensions," read the statement. The issue of Garrett's eligibility was raised by Ards prior to the Premiership game between the sides and formally brought to the attention of the IFA by the Northern Ireland Football League. The result at Shamrock Park was Portadown's fourth win of season, meaning they would have wiped out the 12-point deduction imposed before the start of the season. They are now on minus-three points.
The Carneddau Landscape Partnership has been awarded £198,700 Heritage Lottery funding to help it manage the natural and cultural heritage of the area. It claims the mountains' archaeology, ecology, peatland and Bronze Age cairns are among the things "under threat". Funding has also been set aside to improve the heritage of Holy Island, off Anglesey. The initial funding approval for the Carneddau Landscape Partnership means the seven-year project can now seek the full £1. 9m grant. The project, led by Snowdonia National Park Authority, will cover 81 sq miles (210 sq km) which features Carnedd Llywelyn as its highest peak. Jonathan Cawley, the national park authority's director of planning and land management, said: "We are truly excited about working on such an important project which will be of enormous benefit to the local communities and to the natural and cultural heritage of the mountains. "Of the funding set aside to improve Holy Island, Anglesey council has been awarded £117,200 to develop plans on behalf of the Tir a Mor Landscape Partnership. The plans will be presented to the Heritage Lottery Fund at a later date to seek final approval for the full £1. 2m grant. They include projects which celebrate Holy Island's culture and landscape, involving people who live and work there. Richard Bellamy, head of the Heritage Lottery Fund in Wales, said: "Heritage Lottery Fund money works hard to ensure all of our important heritage is looked after. "But it's not all about grand old buildings, castles and museums.  There is natural heritage all around us, especially here in Wales, which is vital to our economy, our livelihoods and our wellbeing.
First, though, the German has to negotiate one of the most intense weekends of the year. The Brazilian Grand Prix throbs with a passion and fervour matched by few others. Interlagos and Sao Paulo are inextricably linked with Formula 1 even if the days of a winning Brazilian driver may be some time in the past. Brazil's first legendary grand prix driver, Emerson Fittipaldi, was born there, and his successes on the world stage laid the path for all others to follow. Ayrton Senna was, likewise, a Paulista, and is buried in Morumbi cemetery a few miles away.  He was a hero to Rubens Barrichello, who grew up metres from the race track and forged his passion watching Senna there, before graduating to F1 a couple of years before his death, befriending him, and then taking up his mantle.  Felipe Massa, another local boy, followed suit. The fans know the glory days have long gone, that a Brazilian victory is as unlikely as a day without a traffic jam in one of the world's most crowded cities. But still they come, packing the grandstands and singing and chanting from early in the day. What draws them there? A deep-seated passion for the sport, for one.  The almost-certainty of a great sporting spectacle, for another. Interlagos has a knack for producing exciting races.  Drama is synonymous with the track, not least because of its position at the business end of the season. It is a claustrophobic place.  The circuit winds around a natural amphitheatre, high on a hill, the sprawl of Sao Paulo both a backdrop and crushing in from all sides.  The heavy humidity, and almost-permanent threat of rain, add to the atmosphere. It feels locked in, and not just because of the cramped old paddock, a fraction of the size of anything Bernie Ecclestone finds acceptable these days. The track is a splash of vibrant green in an ocean of concrete grey and smog brown; the city butting up against the perimeter fence, endless tower blocks filling the skyline. Twenty years ago, a favela sprawled up the hill all the way to the perimeter wall.  There has been an attempt to spruce things up a bit, the old corrugated-roof shacks replaced by flats closest to the circuit, houses of naked breeze blocks a bit further down the road.  But down at heel, to say the least, it remains. There is an unmistakable edge.  The road up to Interlagos is not a place for a stranger to linger. Inside, the track feels like a haven.  One of the shortest laps on the calendar somehow packs in a long straight - superb for overtaking - and a challenging sequence of long corners, the best the uphill double right-hander of Ferra Dura/Laranha and the fast downhill left of Mergulho.  It's a great race track, with emphasis on the "race". They are corners with a history - the new track is about half of the old one.  Part of a previous era, it was a magnificent five miles of twists and turns, uphill and down, which started with two incredible, banked, high-speed left-handers, taken absolutely flat out by some, still visible outside the modern Turns One, Two and Three. It all adds to the character of the place.  Loud, intimidating, crazy, invigorating, rough-around-the-edges.  But, in its own way, brilliant. Andrew Benson - chief F1 writerSubscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Mazembe made sure of the win having held their opponents to a 1-1 draw in Algeria in the first leg of the final last weekend. They won the final 5-2 on aggregate, to add the Confederation Cup to their list of honours after winning the African Champions  League in 2015. On Sunday, Mazembe went ahead in Lubumbashi after just seven minutes through Merveille Bope who reacted quickest to a Jean Kasusula free- kick which hit the woodwork. Zambia international Kalaba (pictured) hammered home a volley on the stroke of halftime to make it 2-0 and scored again just after the hour mark to put the result beyond the Algerians, appearing in their first continental cup final. Bejaia scored a consolation goal in the 75th minute from Sofiane Khadir but the three-goal advantage was restored within 60 seconds by Jonathan Bolingi. Mazembe were eliminated early in the defence of their African Champions League trophy this year and dropped down to the continent's second tier club competition. They will receive $660,000 following their Confederation Cup triumph with Bejaia receiving the runners-up prize of $462,000. Mazembe will now play this year's African Champions League winners, Mamelodi Sundowns of South Africa, in the 2017 African Super Cup on the weekend on 17-19 February.
The Scot collected £200,000, the biggest ever victory cheque for a tournament outside the UK, after prevailing in a high-quality contest. Higgins led 5-4 after the first session in Guangzhou, but 2015 world champion Bingham won the first two on the resumption before Higgins moved 7-6 up. An 84 from Bingham levelled it but 134 and two more tons sealed Higgins' win. It was the 41-year-old's first tournament win since last year's International Championship, also in China, but as an invitation title does not count towards his tally of 28 ranking crowns. The world number six beat Mark Williams, Ali Carter and Mark Allen en route to the final, which featured five centuries in all and nine more breaks over 50.
Second-placed Brechin City and Alloa Athletic, who are third, also won against Peterhead and Stenhousemuir respectively. Airdrieonians, who occupy the other promotion play-off place, beat Albion Rovers 2-1 to stretch their advantage over their opponents to five points. And Queen's Park were 2-0 winners away to Stranraer. At Livi, Liam Buchanan's strike in first-half stoppage time put the hosts ahead and Michael Miller's free-kick doubled their advantage before Kevin Smith netted to halve the visitors' deficit. Mark Hurst was dismissed for a foul on Danny Mullen and Buchanan scored the resulting penalty before the visitors also had Paul McManus sent off. Ross Caldwell scored a hat-trick as Brechin won 3-1 at Balmoor, Rory McAllister netting the hosts' consolation. In Clackmannanshire, Alloa comfortably overcame bottom club Stenny, with Greig Spence's strike and Andrew Graham and Jamie Longworth's headers putting the Wasps in command. Alistair Roy replied for the visitors but Kevin Cawley rounded off a 4-1 win to keep Alloa four points behind Livi. Airdrie went ahead at Cliftonhill when Andy Ryan lashed into the top corner and Iain Russell doubled their advantage, Ross Stewart heading one back for Albion Rovers. And goals by Dario Zanatta and Anton Brady secured the three points for the Spiders at Stair Park.
I'm not sure that is the right description for the 2016 US election campaign, but some variation on that must come close - maybe instead of 'greatest' we could have weirdest, most compelling, unpredictable, disturbing, hate-filled, bizarre. Maybe all of those things - and a few more besides. I spoke to a producer in London the other day and he asked whether I could incorporate into my TV piece the standout moments of the campaign.  And my mind went into Matrix mode.  A thousand different, fractured memories went kaleidoscoping through my brain.  A thousand different jaw-dropping episodes.  Where would I start?As I start writing this (it's Sunday afternoon) the FBI director has just sought to wade out of the US election, having waded in 10 days earlier in the most astonishing fashion.  So having sent the most unbelievably opaque letter that there might be a whiff . . .  he now says there isn't. But what an astonishing state of affairs.  James Comey's letter breathed new life into the Trump campaign, and who knows how many senate races he's affected where early voting is taking place.  Why did he write the letter in the first place? What was he hoping to achieve? What did he assess the fallout would be? And ultimately why put the FBI in the middle of the election when they are now trying to back out? Astonishing.  And yes, I know I've already used that word in this paragraph. But this election day blog is not about the FBI - more a way of highlighting how at every turn there have been incidents that just boggle, confuse and occasionally fry the brain.  Where to start? Well there are the obvious ones - Donald Trump describing Mexicans as thieves and rapists, him mocking a disabled person, disparaging PoWs, wanting to ban all Muslims. There were the ones that made me laugh.  Yes, I just laughed when I read a newsflash saying the Pope goes to war with Donald Trump over his plan to build a wall.  The Holy Father, I thought.  No, this must be some kind of error.  But on a flight back to Rome, he had indeed decided to wade in. Then there was the Access Hollywood tape - and him boasting about grabbing a woman by the pussy.  We have reported on him allegedly putting his hands on a woman's vagina.  We have reported on the size of his penis, when that whole subject came up (sorry) during the primary process.  Small hands, he said, meaning . . .  well you know the rest. So in one election campaign I have been on air discussing male genitalia and female genitalia.  After 30 years plus reporting and having covered elections all over the world, this is new territory for me.  But give this narrative to a publisher as a book proposal, and they would write back and say 'Dear Mr Sopel, thank you for your submission.  Unfortunately it seems too far fetched. 'And it hasn't exactly been dull on the Hillary side either - emailgate, endless Wikileaks, her collapse from pneumonia which her aides just had no idea how to handle. Somehow we ended up with two presidential candidates uniquely unpopular in American polling history.  So many people have said to me on my travels around this great continent, how was it out of a population of 320 million we ended up with such an appalling choice.  A choice between death by drowning or firing squad. All of which brings me to the more important point about this election.  For all the fireworks, the whizzes and bangs, the sky lighting up in luminescent colours - the bigger truth about this campaign is that it has shown a deeply polarised America.  A Disunited State of America, if you like. Who knows whether Donald Trump will win or lose - there's no point trying to look into a crystal ball when we can wait a few hours and get the results proper. But what his campaign has shown is there is a sizeable minority of Americans who are not just disaffected and feeling alienated, they are furious.  They feel that America is going to hell in a handcart.  They feel that Washington is a corrupt cesspool.  They cry 'drain the swamp' at Trump rallies - with almost as much gusto as they shout 'lock her up,' about Hillary Clinton. Trump draws most of his support from slightly less well educated, slightly older white men - but by no means all.  There are a vast number of Americans who've simply had it with conventional, democratic politics.  These are people who want America to pull up the drawbridge and stop trying to be the global policeman and global trader.  They are people who are demanding radical change - and ideally overnight. Whoever wins this turbulent, divisive, vituperative election is not going to enjoy any kind of political honeymoon.  There is too much anger for that. There will be no basking in the warm glow of the adoration of the American public.  I guarantee you this: over 40% of the American public will not only feel the normal disappointment that their man/woman didn't win, but they will feel that the winner is a corrupt, fraudulent, venal charlatan.  The office of the presidency should rise above individuals, but in 2016 it's going to struggle to. When I was trying to find what word to use instead of 'greatest' at the start of this blog, I should have gone for troubling.
It comes in a shake-up of UK military buildings and resettling of regiments. Brecon and Radnorshire Conservative MP Chris Davies condemned the closure, saying there had been a barracks in Brecon since 1805, home to troops who fought the Zulus at Rorke's Drift. "This decision is abhorrent and I shall be fighting it every step of the way," he said. "The government has a great deal of questions to answer over why it is proposing to close a well-loved and historic barracks in a vitally important military town. "Brecon Barracks has served our country with distinction over its long history, with soldiers from the site fighting in every conflict since the early 19th century. "This decision shows a blatant lack of respect for that history. "Mr Davies said he was launching a petition against the decision, saying the Brecon area had some of the highest unemployment levels in Wales. He also hoped the closure would not damage the town's "thriving" military tourism industry. Brecon barracks has about 85 civilian staff and 90 military but it is not thought jobs are at risk. Mr Davies said he understood the nearby Sennybridge training ground and infantry school at Dering Lines would not be affected. Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon told the Commons on Monday the reorganisation in Wales would see a specialist light infantry centre created at St Athan, Vale of Glamorgan. Cawdor Barracks, Pembrokeshire - whose closure was previously announced in 2013 - will now shut in 2024, while a storage depot at Sennybridge will go in 2025. Responding for Labour, Shadow Defence Secretary Nia Griffith, MP for Llanelli, said the ministry was "right to restructure its estate". But she warned closing bases would affect the livelihoods of many people who would face "gnawing uncertainty" over their future.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceEighth-tier Taunton were playing their ninth game in this season's competition and were the lowest-ranked side left after Westfields' exit on Monday. Centre-half Ed Palmer drew them level with a superb free-kick in the 73rd minute, cancelling out a fine 48th-minute opener by Barrow winger Williams. But the hosts went back in front within two minutes when a Ryan Yates cross appeared to be deflected into his own net by Josh Searle, and that was enough to send the National League side into the second round for the first time since 2012/13. Taunton frustrated the hosts in the first half, with Barrow defenders Nick Anderton and Danny Livesey both having headers cleared off the line in quick succession. Williams then fired wide while Palmer had a free-kick deflected over. But Williams then latched on to a poor clearance to cut inside and curl a superb right-footed effort into the top corner from 20 yards. Palmer stunned the home crowd by curling a 20-yard free-kick into the top corner. But Barrow soon restored their lead and keeper Lloyd Irish prevented Ross Hannah, Richie Bennett and Williams making the victory more emphatic. Report supplied by the Press AssociationMatch ends, Barrow 2, Taunton Town 1. Second Half ends, Barrow 2, Taunton Town 1. Ed Palmer (Taunton Town) is shown the yellow card. Attempt saved.  Jordan Williams (Barrow) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Foul by Alex-Ray Harvey (Barrow). Adam Kelly (Taunton Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Myles Anderson (Barrow) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Matthew Wright (Taunton Town). Attempt saved.  Richard Bennett (Barrow) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Corner,  Barrow.  Conceded by Matt Villis. Attempt saved.  Ross Hannah (Barrow) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Matt Buse (Taunton Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Liam Hughes (Barrow) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Matt Buse (Taunton Town). Jordan Williams (Barrow) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Matthew Wright (Taunton Town). Attempt missed.  Ross Hannah (Barrow) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Substitution, Taunton Town.  Matt Buse replaces Brett Trowbridge. Alex-Ray Harvey (Barrow) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Shane White (Taunton Town). Corner,  Taunton Town.  Conceded by Nick Wilmer-Anderton. Goal!  Barrow 2, Taunton Town 1.  Ryan Yates (Barrow) left footed shot from long range on the right to the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Shaun Beeley. Goal!  Barrow 1, Taunton Town 1.  Ed Palmer (Taunton Town) from a free kick with a right footed shot to the top right corner. Foul by Shaun Beeley (Barrow). Ed Palmer (Taunton Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  Taunton Town.  Conceded by Myles Anderson. Attempt blocked.  Ross Hannah (Barrow) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Substitution, Taunton Town.  Adam Kelly replaces Ollie Chamberlain. Hand ball by Shane White (Taunton Town). Attempt saved.  Ryan Yates (Barrow) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Owen Irish (Taunton Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Jordan Williams (Barrow) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Owen Irish (Taunton Town). Shane White (Taunton Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Ryan Yates (Barrow) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Shane White (Taunton Town). Shaun Beeley (Barrow) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Matthew Wright (Taunton Town). Substitution, Taunton Town.  Craig Veal replaces Jordan Rogers. Corner,  Barrow.  Conceded by Lloyd Irish.
Amos dislocated a shoulder in the 32-8 defeat by Australia and will have an operation in the next week. The 22-year-old Dragons wing tweeted: "Operation set for Monday, aiming to be back in February". "It's unlucky for Hallam. . .  but a great opportunity for Keelan," said Wales assistant coach Neil Jenkins. Find out how to get into rugby union with our special guide. Wales have already selected Cardiff Blues pair Cory Allen and Tomos Williams as injury replacements. They are waiting to discover the extent of scrum-half Rhys Webb's ankle injury suffered against the Wallabies. Amos injured his left shoulder stretching for the try-line late in the game against the Wallabies. But it is not the same shoulder he dislocated playing against England in the 2015 World Cup. Dragons backs coach Shaun Connor the region were upset by Amos' injury. "It's devastating for us, but even more so for Hallam," said Connor. "We're going to miss him, but back-three is a position where we have strength in depth. "Giles has been in outstanding form for Ospreys, scoring eight tries in five appearances for the region this season. His pace, footwork and small stature - he is 5ft 8in (1. 73m) and 12st 1lb (77kg) - have led to comparisons with Wales' record try scorer Shane Williams, which Jenkins acknowledged. "I think he has a little bit of X-factor about him," said Jenkins. "He's different to the other guys that we've got.  I know a lot of people will point out similarities to Shane. "He's not the biggest of players but he's quick and he's electric on his feet and he's brave. "So we'll see how the next couple of weeks go - you never know. "He's got to take his chance with both hands and show the coaches and the players involved what he's all about. "He's already done that with the Ospreys and I'm sure he'll do it in our environment.
Telecoms company BT launched the UK-wide contest in August to mark the 80th anniversary of the telephone service, which receives 12 million calls a year. Verity Giles, 37, hoped to become only the fifth person to give the time "at the third stroke" when people dial 123. But fellow finalist Alan Steadman, 69, from Dundee, won the competition. Ms Giles said she was inspired to enter because of her five-year-old daughter, who wanted to take part but fell short of the competition's minimum age limit of 10 years old. "I found out in September that I'd made it through.  I've had to keep it a secret so it's been a long wait for this day," Ms Giles, a recruitment company business manager, said. Crea Barton, a 20-year-old student from Bangor in County Down was the third finalist. They were invited to the BT Tower in London where they each recorded the speaking clock script. "It has been a great experience, not many people can say they have done this can they?" Ms Giles added. The winner's voice went live during The One Show on Wednesday at 19:00 GMT.Sara Mendes da Costa has been the voice of the speaking clock since winning the last competition in 2007. BT has donated 10p to the BBC's Children in Need 2016 from each call from the start of the competition in August until tonight's announcement.
Operated for the HM Coastguard by Bristow Helicopters Limited, the crews took over a role previously carried out by the RAF and Royal Navy. The 500 missions include rescues of hillwalkers and climbers and searches for missing people. The Inverness base is one of the UK's busiest search and rescue units.
FAW officials have yet to decide how to commemorate the occasion after Fifa could not guarantee that there would not be disciplinary proceedings if a poppy was displayed. England and Scotland will defy Fifa's ban on players wearing poppies in their meeting on Friday. With the FAW yet decide their policy, Ledley said: ''We will support whatever decision they make. ''Fifa's regulations say players' equipment should not carry any commercial, personal, political or religious messages. When the issue arose in 2011, a compromise was reached in which Wales players were allowed to wear armbands with the poppy symbol in a friendly against Norway. Northern Ireland will mark Armistice Day by wearing plain black armbands in the World Cup qualifier against Azerbaijan in Belfast. The Irish FA had requested permission from Fifa to wear a poppy on the shirt or armband. Breaching Fifa regulations could result in a fine or even a loss of points and the FAW are set to leave a decision until as late as possible. They have already planned a two minute silence during training on Armistice Day's on Friday and there will also be a tribute at the game regardless of whether poppies are worn. Crystal Palace's Ledley said Wales' players are content to leave the decision over poppies to the Football Association of Wales. ''It is obviously out of our hands.  It is dealt with by the FA of Wales," Ledley added. "It is down to them too take the decision.  We will support whatever decision they make. ''As players our job is just to concentrate on the game, I am sure the FAW will make the right decision.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe oldest fixture in international football is the first competitive meeting of the sides since 1999. With only one team guaranteed a place at Russia 2018, England top Group F after three games with Scotland fourth. Wayne Rooney returns to captain England with Scotland captain Darren Fletcher saying a draw would be a good result. The sides - who first met in 1872 - played friendlies in 2013 and 2014 but last played competitive matches in a two-legged play-off for Euro 2000 in November 1999. Scotland won at Wembley but England won 2-1 on aggregate. England Under-21 boss Gareth Southgate was put in charge of the senior team for four games following the departure of Sam Allardyce after only one match. Allardyce left following a newspaper investigation claiming he offered advice on how to "get around" rules on player transfers. Under Southgate, England beat Malta 2-0 and drew with Slovenia in World Cup qualifiers. After the match against Scotland, England meet Spain in a friendly at Wembley on 15 November. Asked if he wanted the job on a permanent basis, he said: "I'm really enjoying being in the role. "What happens to me is not important.  We have to win this game for the country, and because we want to be top of the group and heading to [the 2018 World Cup] in Russia. "What happens to me is important to my family, but other than that it isn't the purpose of the game.  I want the players to enjoy the football and play well. "My focus is 100% on the match and it would irresponsible and unprofessional for it to be any other way. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceScotland manager Gordon Strachan - who has faced scrutiny coming into the game - says he does not need to impress on his players the importance of the match. "My players are intelligent enough to understand the fixture," Strachan said.  "I don't think I have to show them anything. "They know the fixture, everybody knows the fixture.  It's known throughout the world.  So I don't have to show them the importance. "The importance is not to become caught up in the emotion of the game.  It's important to use your emotion and passion, to run further than you've ever run before, to jump higher than you've ever jumped, to concentrate more. "I don't think you get too emotional.  If you get too emotional then you can lose focus.  So we're looking for that emotion and passion to play better than we've ever played before. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe match at Wembley is a 90,000 sell-out, which is expected to include at least 14,000 Scotland fans. "It doesn't get much bigger than this - there will be a little more fire in the belly, it being England v Scotland," Scotland captain Darren Fletcher said. "Every time you lead your country out it is important but there is no bigger stage than Wembley in front of 90,000 fans. "England midfielder Jordan Henderson, who captained the team against Slovenia, said: "It is a massive game.  If you look at the history of the fixture, it's not a normal game. "We watched a video of a lot of the past games.  There was a few I can remember, especially Paul Gascoigne's goal at Euro 96. "The lads know the importance of the game, not only because it's England v Scotland but also because we want to qualify for the World Cup. "Henderson also addressed criticism that England are a team lacking in leadership. The Liverpool captain told BBC Radio 5 live: "Everyone's entitled to their opinion - I've learned that over the years - but it doesn't really matter what other people think, it only matters what the team thinks and what the manager and the management team think. "They are the only important opinions that matter to us.  I know there are leaders in the team, I know we've got great characters so that isn't a question in our dressing room. "The question is can we got out there and perform at the highest level to win the game.  I'm confident we can. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceNew tennis world number one Andy Murray is expected to be among the huge Scotland support at Wembley, with Fletcher confident his side can be inspired by Murray's rise through the ranks. Murray became the first British singles player to be world number one since computerised rankings began in 1973 last week. "For us, he is an inspiration for what he has achieved in tennis," said Fletcher. "His never-say-die attitude, looking to keep improving and battling for a number of years against arguably some of the greatest tennis players of all time and to keep driving himself forward to try to improve those small margins. "He has fought to be the number one tennis player in the world so we can take inspiration from him as a sportsman, showing that there is no real ceiling on what you can achieve if you dedicate yourself. "If you have real dedication and desire, you can achieve almost what you wish. "The Football Associations of England and Scotland have said they will let players wear black armbands with poppy emblems as the game takes place on Armistice Day.  Fifa believes that could breach football's rules on displaying "political, religious or personal slogans, statements or images" and has warned the countries could face sanctions as a result.  Both FAs said they are willing to face any punishment - though they insist it will not come to that. Media playback is not supported on this device"We're just pleased everything was resolved last week, that we can honour the sacrifice of those who have gone before us," said Southgate. "It's part of our identity as a nation. "Henderson added: "The poppy is very important for the country and the players to remember what those people did for this country, the sacrifice. "It's not meant to be easy! Use our shortlist and pick who you think would make the greatest modern-day England-Scotland XI.Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Ocon, 20, is contracted long-term to Mercedes, Force India's engine provider, and has been racing for Manor in the second half of this season. He replaces German Nico Hulkenberg, 29, who has moved to Renault, and will be alongside Mexican Sergio Perez, 26. "Spending half a season at Manor Racing has given me some valuable experience and I feel ready for this," said Ocon. "It's something I've been working towards my whole life and I intend to grab this opportunity with both hands. "I want to say thank you to everybody at Manor and especially to Mercedes-Benz for their support and belief in me.  I can't wait for 2017 and my first full season racing in Formula One. "Ocon joined Manor for the Belgian Grand Prix at the end of August and has impressed increasingly as the season has progressed. Both he and Manor team-mate Pascal Wehrlein are contracted to Mercedes' junior driver programme. Ocon's best results for Manor have been the 16th-placed finishes he secured at the Belgian Grand Prix and at last month's Malaysian Grand Prix. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Igor Dodon, head of the Party of Socialists (PSRM), is riding a wave of public discontent in this impoverished ex-Soviet republic. Moldova has moved closer to the European Union in the past seven years, a course championed by his rival, former education minister Maia Sandu. Mr Dodon, 41, was a deputy prime minister in the Party of Communists government before 2009.  He blames widespread corruption on the pro-EU parties which have ruled Moldova since then. Last year, three banks collapsed and $1bn (Â£790m) disappeared - equal to about one-sixth of the country's GDP. Mr Dodon repeatedly tried to pin the blame on Ms Sandu, as she was in the government on whose watch the "theft of the century" happened. She strongly denied that accusation, and is seen as one of the few "clean" politicians in Moldova. In the first round, on 30 October, she got 38% of the votes, while Mr Dodon got 48%. Mr Dodon has promised to revoke Moldova's association agreement with the EU. But recently he has appeared less committed to that pledge, especially as Moldovans can travel visa-free in the EU's Schengen area, which covers most of Europe but excludes the UK and Ireland. He has vowed to take Moldova into the Russia-led Eurasian Economic Union, which includes Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Armenia. He has proposed turning Moldova into a federal state, to solve the frozen conflict in Trans-Dniester, a region run by pro-Moscow separatists for the past 26 years, where Russian troops are still deployed. Trans-Dniester profileThis year Moldova reverted to direct presidential elections after a 20-year hiatus.  But the president does not have strong powers to deliver the changes many Moldovans are clamouring for, especially tackling corruption. "We want a leader close to the people, not to the oligarchs," said Maria, from the Chisinau suburb of Ghidighici. "First of all we need an improvement in the economy.  The president should fight corruption.  They all appeal to those abroad to return home, but what can they do here? There are no jobs.  Electricity, gas, everything is getting more expensive.  A pensioner cannot survive on 1,000 lei ($50) [per month]. "She said Moldova should maintain good relations with its neighbours in the EU and with Russia. Population 3. 5 millionArea 33,800 sq km (13,050 sq miles)Major languages Romanian (called "Moldovan" in official documents), RussianMajor religion ChristianityLife expectancy 66 years (men), 73 years (women)Currency leuMoldova country profileMoldova crisis: An elite power grab?Vlad, a young disabled man, said that politicians should "come up with actions, not just promises and words. "The next president should be concerned about the problems of disabled people.  They should be able to get a job, to have the same rights as other citizens. "Mr Dodon is a great admirer of Russian President Vladimir Putin, saying Moldova needs a similarly strong leader. He has angered neighbouring Ukraine by describing annexed Crimea as de facto part of the Russian Federation.  That raises the spectre of a diplomatic conflict if he becomes president. But many voters, including most of the Russian speakers who make up almost 25% of the electorate, do not seem to mind, as long as Russia is seen as supportive of Mr Dodon. He criticises Ms Sandu for wanting reunification with Romania, which included Moldova (formerly Moldavia) between the two world wars. Mr Dodon is also supported openly by the Moldovan Orthodox Church, which is subordinate to the Moscow Patriarchate. Orthodox Bishop Marchel urged voters to support him as a "Christian and patriot", contrasting him to Ms Sandu, who is single and childless. Both Mr Dodon and Bishop Marchel have said that Ms Sandu is supported by gay people in Moldova, a country where homophobic attitudes are deeply entrenched. In the end, if elected, Mr Dodon could find it hard to deliver many of his promises. In that case "he should govern like the French President De Gaulle in the 1960s, by referendum", suggested Igor Botan, a political analyst close to Ms Sandu. "He should call a referendum for each promise and if he loses, he should resign," he added. The president appoints judges and sets foreign policy priorities, but other major decisions need the approval of parliament.
Nation Broadcasting launched a consultation in September to broadcast Radio Pembrokeshire, Radio Carmarthenshire and Radio Ceredigion from St Hilary, near Cowbridge. The shows are currently broadcast from studios in Narberth, Pembrokeshire. The company said details of its operations were "confidential". Sources have told BBC Wales the relocation will take place this month and some staff have been made redundant. Martin Mumford, group managing director of Nation Broadcasting, would not confirm the move or the number redundancies, saying "the detail of our operations and staffing arrangements are commercially confidential". He did confirm two "long-serving presenters" would continue to provide local programming while specialist programmes such as the farming, music and sport shows would continue to be provided from Narberth. Mr Mumford said the company was "committed to maintaining its status as a leading media employer in west Wales" and had invested in a new digital media business in Narberth, employing five full-time staff.
The second defeat in four games leaves Gordon Strachan's men fifth in Group F and the manager facing further questions about his future. Former Scotland striker Steven Thompson gives his marks out of 10 for the display. No chance with goals but had little else to do other than pick the ball out of his net. A surprise choice but the Derby winger defended well considering he wasn't in his natural position. Scotland's best player on the night after a long absence from the international scene.  Offered a real threat going forward and worked tirelessly. Played better than in Slovakia and unlucky at first goal after making a good block.  Wasted a great chance to equalise, failing to hit the target from a free header. Given a rare start and did well to keep England's danger men quiet for large periods. The captain's desire and work rate are never in question but he was loose in possession too often. Back from his short-lived international retirement but for how long? The Celtic captain gave the midfield energy and aggression as expected. Largely ineffectual.  Didn't get on the ball enough to make a positive impact.  Again, a surprise inclusion given his lack of game time at West Brom. Missed a glorious opportunity to level the game early in the second half, dragging a shot wide from near the penalty spot.  Another player guilty of giving the ball away too often. Provided some threatening set-pieces.  Really should have scored not long after Forrest's miss when he had a good sight at goal. Led the line well with positive energy in the first half.  However, made a poor decision not to play in Snodgrass on a good counter-attack.  Tired in the second half as Scotland meekly surrendered. The game was over when he came on, very difficult to make an impression. On for the injured Anya.  Not given much to do since England were content to keep the ball and didn't pose much of a threat. Too late to make an impact.
The 32-year-old knows Coleman's side will be tough to beat having improved hugely since two defeats by Serbia in the last World Cup qualifying campaign. The Chelsea defender, who has led Serbia to the top of Group D, says they face a difficult match ahead of them. "This is the hardest game since we started qualification," he said. Ivanovic scored in the 6-1 thrashing of Wales in 2014 World Cup qualifying at Novi Sad, in September 2012 - the heaviest defeat in Coleman's reign. A year later he was part of the side which won 3-0 at the Cardiff City Stadium - the last time Wales lost a home qualifier. Set to earn his 91st cap for his country on Saturday, Ivanovic believes the scars of the past will provide extra motivation for Wales. "We know that and we have to be careful with that.  We have to play much much better than last time to get something from the game because Wales is a completely different team from that moment," he continued. "Those kind of games happen may be once in 100 years.  It's very difficult to win against one team three times in a row even when the opponent is not that strong and you cannot say that about Wales. "Serbia go into the game topping the group as they edge the Republic of Ireland on goal difference while Wales are two points adrift in third. The visitors will be without the suspended Manchester City defender Aleksander Kolarov, who is suspended after collecting two bookings in the group. Wales will welcome the return of Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey for the first time in this campaign after his recovery from a hamstring injury. Ivanovic believes they will be stronger for his inclusion, but inevitably the major threat will be Real Madrid star Gareth Bale. "I think he is the biggest name and biggest star in the Wales team.  But I think Wales as a group have improved," Ivanovic said. "The team have played a couple of years together to bring results and will, of course, be very difficult to stop Gareth Bale and the rest of the guys. ""Most important for us is we have a lot of new things - new coach, new shape of the team.  We are still building.  We have improved a lot from last summer and we are going in the right direction. "But the way to Russia is so long we have to be careful and we have to play every single game like a final.   We know this is our hardest game so far.
St Michael's Hospital is joining other UK foetal medicine centres to set up a twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS) registry to share information. Consultant Mark Denbow said they were "constantly learning" about TTTS.He said the "rare and often devastating condition" occurs in about 10-15% of identical twin pregnancies. St Michael's Hospital is also one of a few UK centres offering laser ablation surgery, where doctors can operate on the babies while they are in the womb. Jo and Finbarr O'Halloran, from Backwell, said they were "devastated" when they discovered  their twins had the syndrome during a hospital scan. Mrs O'Halloran was given laser ablation surgery at about 22 weeks into the pregnancy in 2013. A few weeks later, daughters Eve and Amy were born by emergency caesarean section. Jo O'Halloran said: "I am literally thankful every single day that they survived and that they're here. "Keith Reed, from the Twins and Multiple Birth Association (Tamba), said they were "still only skimming the surface" in terms of data collection. He said: "In order to build the best possible picture of TTTS cases in the UK, and help see which treatments offer the best possible outcomes, we need more hospitals with foetal medicine departments to sign up. "TTTS affects twins who share a placenta, where the babies are not sharing blood equally. One baby gets too much blood and the other baby does not get enough. If left untreated 90% of these babies will die and even with treatment there is only up to 70% chance of both babies surviving.
Arbroath moved into third with a comfortable 4-0 victory over Clyde. Cowdenbeath overcame Montrose 2-0, while Stirling Albion moved up to seventh with a 3-2 win at second-placed Elgin City. Edinburgh City snatched all three points in their game against Annan thanks to Ryan Porteous' late header. Forfar went ahead against Berwick when David Cox scored just before the interval with a neat header from six yards out. Lewis Milne then added a second four minutes from time. Bobby Linn was on target in the 31st minute for Arbroath; finding the bottom corner with a neat finish. Martin Scott scored two in two minutes in the second half to clinch victory for the Red Lichties, who leapfrog their visitors in the table, before Ryan McCord added a fourth late on. Nikolay Todorov fired Cowdenbeath ahead from the penalty spot in the 20th minute after Cammy Ballantyne fouled Kris Renton in the area. And it went from bad to worse for the visitors when Ballantyne was shown a red card in the 29th minute for a foul on Craig Johnston. The hosts extended their lead through Renton's 57th-minute header. Elgin took the lead against Stirling when Darryl McHardy found the bottom corner with a left-footed strike in the 29th minute. However, the visitors equalised early in the second half when Marc McKenzie headed home at the back post from an Eddie Ferns cross. Stirling moved ahead when Blair Henderson pounced from close range after Sean Dickson's shot had been saved by the goalkeeper. Brian Cameron thought he had rescued a point for his side with a 76th-minute strike, but Jamie Mills scored the winner late on.
The Irish made history on 5 November with a first ever win over the world champions in Chicago and Schmidt knows the All Blacks will want revenge. "I think they'll come full-strength, fully loaded.  Maybe we surprised them a little bit last week," said Schmidt. Ireland made a full 15 changes for Saturday's 52-21 victory over the  world's 18th-ranked side Canada. Schmidt will recall all his big guns for the rematch at the Aviva Stadium, while the visitors are expected to be far stronger too. Steve Hansen's back-to-back world champions were hampered by a string of second-row injury problems at Soldier Field, but will have lock Brodie Retallick back in his unique auxiliary playmaker role in Dublin. Despite Ireland ending New Zealand's record 18-match winning sequence in Chicago, most neutrals will expect the All Blacks to assert their authority with victory. New Zealand reacted to their shock loss by running in 10 tries in beating Italy 68-10 on Saturday. South Africa were the last team to beat New Zealand in successive encounters, back in 2009, further emphasising the scale of Ireland's challenge. "I read that they didn't really look back too much at the defeat to us before playing Italy this weekend," added Schmidt. "Well they have that game done and now they will look at us over the next few days, and they'll have a really good plan. "They are extremely well coached and incredibly well prepared physically, and I think the rate they play at if they have the ball, you're under pressure if they've got it. "And I think they'll have more access to it if they've got their second row back.
Internet-connected cars will improve in-car entertainment, and be able to help with crash alerts and diagnosing engine problems. It will also be key for driverless technology. Samsung said automotive electronics was "a strategic priority". The deal is the biggest overseas purchase made by a South Korean firm, and comes as Samsung is looking to recover from the withdrawal of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone. It is estimated that the so-called connected technologies market, which goes under the Internet of Things umbrella, will grow to $100bn by 2025. Cars will be a major part of this growth, with technology research firm Gartner forecasting that by 2020 one in five vehicles will have some sort of wireless network connection. Features being working on include in-car monitors assessing drivers' health as they travel, and automatic leaving and arriving alerts for friends and family.  However, campaigners have highlighted potential data privacy issues around connected vehicles. "The vehicle of tomorrow will be transformed by smart technology and connectivity in the same way that simple feature phones have become sophisticated smart devices over the past decade," Young Sohn, Samsung's president and chief strategy officer, said in a statement. The purchase comes in the wake of the Galaxy Note 7 episode, which saw both Samsung's reputation and profits harmed after it was forced to recall, then end production of the device, because it turned out to be a fire hazard. Samsung generates the bulk of its revenues from its smartphone business, but is now looking for new areas of growth. Last year, it created a business division focused on automotive electronics and recently invested in a Chinese carmaker, BYD.Harman, which has its headquarters in Connecticut, makes products that are used in more than 30 million vehicles. The deal is expected to be completed in mid-2017.  Harman's chief executive, Dinesh Paliwal, will continue to run the company.
"It's great that we are attracting players of Mandy's calibre to the club," manager Kelly Chambers said.  "Mandy will add to our young squad. "Centre-back Van den Berg, 26, led her country at the 2015 World Cup in Canada and has been capped 75 times. She played 13 times for Liverpool this season as they finished fifth in Women's Super League 1.
Prices were up to 5. 4% compared to the same quarter in 2015 - in the previous four quarters the annual rise was more than 7%. Compared to the second quarter of this year, prices were almost flat, rising by just 0. 8%. The figures are from the NI Residential Property Price Index, which analyses almost all sales, including cash deals. The average standardised price, across all property types, is just over Â£124,000. The biggest annual rise in the third quarter was in the Antrim and Newtownabbey council district where prices were up by 7. 3%. The smallest annual rise was in Ards and North Down where prices were up by 2. 1%Among property types the biggest annual rise was for terraces, up by 7. 1%. The smallest annual rise was for apartments which were up by 4%. The number of deals completed in the third quarter was 5,200.
Howard suffered the injury in a collision with Posh striker Shaquile Coulthirst in Sunday's 1-0 defeat. The 30-year-old joined Bolton in the summer from Sheffield United and had started every league game so far. "To lose someone of his quality is a blow for us," manager Phil Parkinson told the club website. "But it is also an opportunity for Ben Alnwick to stake his claim for a place in the team.
The expansion is a result of the funding boost announced by the UK government last year. The new languages will be Afaan Oromo, Amharic, Gujarati, Igbo, Korean, Marathi, Pidgin, Punjabi, Telugu, Tigrinya, and Yoruba. The first new services are expected to launch in 2017. Pidgin - West African lingua francaAsian languages:"This is a historic day for the BBC, as we announce the biggest expansion of the World Service since the 1940s," said BBC director general Tony Hall. "The BBC World Service is a jewel in the crown - for the BBC and for Britain. "As we move towards our centenary, my vision is of a confident, outward-looking BBC which brings the best of our independent, impartial journalism and world-class entertainment to half a billion people around the world. "Today is a key step towards that aim. "The plans include the expansion of digital services to offer more mobile and video content and a greater social media presence. On Wednesday the BBC launches a full digital service in Thai, following the success of a Facebook-only "pop-up" service launched in 2014. Other expansion plans include:£289minvestment11new languages12 new or expanded daily TV and digital bulletins40 languages covered after expansion500m  people reached by 2022 - double the current number1,300 new jobs, mostly non-UKFran Unsworth, the BBC's World Service director, said: "Through war, revolution and global change, people around the world have relied on the World Service for independent, trusted, impartial news. "As an independent broadcaster, we remain as relevant as ever in the 21st Century, when in many places there is not more free expression, but less. "Today's announcement is about transforming the World Service by investing for the future. "We must follow our audience, who consume the news in changing ways; an increasing number of people are watching the World Service on TV, and many services are now digital-only. "We will be able to speed up our digital transformation, especially for younger audiences, and we will continue to invest in video news bulletins. "What will not change is our commitment to independent, impartial journalism. "The new language services mean the BBC World Service will be available in 40 languages, including English. Lord Hall has set a target for the BBC to reach 500 million people worldwide by its centenary in 2022. Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram at bbcnewsents, or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceIn an exclusive interview with the BBC, Bach stands by his handling of the crisis, but admits there are "deficiencies" in the current anti-doping system. Speaking at a meeting of the Association of National Olympic Committees in Doha, the German pledged to increase funding in the fight for clean sport, if the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) was reformed. Meanwhile, Bach said he was considering a request to appear at a hearing next month of a US Congressional committee investigating anti-doping. The 62-year-old also insisted that the Rio Games had been a "great success" despite a troubled build-up and concerns over the cost of staging the event. "Achieving this under extremely difficult circumstances to make it the most watched Games in history is a great demonstration of the relevance and success of the Olympics," he said. The IOC has been heavily criticised for resisting calls from Wada to impose a blanket ban on the Russian team in the wake of a damning report by Professor Richard McLaren into systemic, state-assisted cheating and the manipulation of samples. In August, Bach rejected this as a "nuclear option" and instead gave responsibility to international federations to make decisions about their specific sport.  The IAAF, athletics' world governing body, had already banned the country's track and field athletes, but hundreds of Russians competed in Rio, with the team coming fourth in the medal table. When asked if he had any regrets, Bach said: "In general, no.  Take the Russian decision; we have such broad support within the Olympic movement, the national Olympic committees, the international federations, the major athlete representatives, and in the political world, where this decision was highly appreciated. "I was always sure, because with this decision we were defending our values and I always was sure we should not take a political decision.  We should take a decision for sport, a decision which is doing justice to the athletes. "If you are convinced of your values then you can also weather a storm because you know in the long run - once the dust has settled and the storm is over - then the people will realise that the values have been respected.  This is why in this point I don't have any regrets. "McLaren's second report into Russian doping at the Sochi 2014 Winter Games is expected early next month with speculation it could lead to pressure for further sanctions against the country for the 2018 Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea. When asked how long it could take before Russia could be trusted again, Bach said: "That depends on the report because I don't know what's going to happen. "We have to wait and then anticipate this final report of the IOC as we've created two commissions who will also give the Russian side a chance to be heard.  This is a fair procedure and then the IOC will take all of the necessary measures and sanctions. "Wada holds a board meeting in Glasgow this weekend where there will be an attempt to agree a new roadmap for reforms to the global anti-doping system.  Some in the anti-doping community want the agency to be strengthened and empowered with greater independence and sanctioning power. However, Bach said: "I strongly believe that the prosecutor should never be the judge and this is why the IOC made sanctioning independent - we delegated it to the Court of Arbitration for Sport to have a clear separation of power.  This separation of power should also be applied in the fight against doping. "The IOC, which contributes around half of Wada's $30m (£24m) annual budget, matching funding from governments, has come under pressure to give more money to the fight for clean sport. On his vision for the future of anti-doping, Bach said he wanted "a Wada anti-doping system which is independent from the sports organisations as well as from national interests, where an independent entity determines with the international federations an anti-doping programme, not only for each sport but also each discipline, to ensure a level playing field and to make this transparent for all athletes". Asked if the system is broken, he said: "It has its deficiencies. "These have to be corrected and this is why we're making these far-reaching proposals - and if it needs more investment we are ready, the Olympic movement is ready. "This is why we have said we want reforms to be approved and implemented and then we are ready with governments to provide the necessary financing - you cannot just give money and wait to see what someone will do or not do.  I'm confident the athletes will regain their trust in Wada and the anti-doping system. "Meanwhile, the BBC has learned that Bach has been asked to appear next month in front of an investigations hearing of the US House of Representatives' Committee on Energy and Commerce - whose jurisdiction includes funding for US anti-doping and oversight of sports. "We are carefully considering all of the invitations we get from all over the world," said Bach. A Wada independent observers report recently highlighted "serious failings" with the IOC's anti-doping programme at the Rio Games.  It found that many athletes who had been targeted for testing could not be found and on some days, 50% of tests were aborted.  More than 4,000 athletes had no record of any testing in 2016. Despite this, Bach said: "Overall there was progress in the fight against doping and overall the integrity of the tests was not affected, so we are not happy with the challenges, but on the other hand we did deliver a reliable programme. "Russia is continuing to host winter sports events, despite the IOC urging sports to look for alternative venues following the doping scandal and to freeze any preparations for major championships in the country. In September however, Russia was awarded the 2021 Biathlon World Championships. "This is something the IOC cannot impose," said Bach.  "The international federations are autonomous from the IOC, we can only give guidelines.
The Belmond British Pullman arrived at Ashford International at 07:00 GMT as passengers waited for a London train. The train, dating back to the 1920s, is the sister of the Venice Simplon-Orient Express. Travel firm Belmond put on the service to treat commuters on a 90-minute journey through Charing, Maidstone, Otford and Swanley to London Victoria. Some of the passengers had registered for the journey after seeing a social media campaign, while others had a surprise upgrade. The train is usually reserved for leisure travellers on trips to major sporting fixtures or for special events, such as an afternoon tea hosted by Great British Bake Off's Mary Berry. Gary Franklin, managing director at Belmond, said: "We wanted to sprinkle some magic on the rails and do something that reminded people just how wonderful train travel can be when you have the luxury of time. "Commuters on the service were treated to a three-course breakfast and musical entertainment. Tamzin Crook, 41, said: "I turn up every day, stand in the same spot and wait for the same train. "The standard experience is to fight for a seat and then put your head down and read. "Here, it's like something out of an amazing film.  It's opulent.  It feels like we're going on holiday, not to work. "'Come on board'Nathan Charlton, 25, and his fiancee Alicia Ray, 26, said they were running late for their train and saw the Pullman from the car park. "We spoke to the staff and they said 'You're more than welcome to come on board'," Mr Charlton said. "The only problem is that we'll want to do this every day.
The suspension was cut following a hearing at Wembley on Thursday. Andrew, 29, was not punished for the incident during the game on 29 October, but was later cited after a Football Association video review. The usual punishment for violent conduct is three games, with Andrew's initial 12-match ban one of the longest handed out in English football.
Paw Patrol's Skye and Marshall did not appear at a Christmas lights switch on in Londonderry on Thursday night. Derry City and Strabane District Council has since apologised. Broadcaster Nickelodeon said they had not "organised or authorised" the use of the characters at the event. Nickleodeon's Paul Hamilton said there are no official PAW Patrol appearances anywhere in the UK or Ireland at present. The character's appearance had featured prominently on pre-event promotion. Derry City and Strabane District Council marketing officer Jacqueline Whoriskey said every effort was made to secure Skye and Marshall,  and that the council was " sorry to disappoint people". She added: "We were contacted very late in the day by the official licensee in America to say that the company we were using did not have the appropriate licences. "We tried our best to resolve it in time - unfortunately it didn't work out - and are really, really disappointed". Strabane's Christmas lights will be switched on on Saturday but Skye and Marshall will not be there. They had been due to share top billing with Santa Claus. Despite the PAW Patrol no show, thousands gathered in Londonderry's Guildhall Square and Waterloo Street for Thursday night's switch on.
Grant Ward's scuffed shot put Town ahead before Luke Varney rolled the ball into an empty net after QPR keeper Alex Smithies miscued a clearance. Cole Skuse's long-range shot fell to Tom Lawrence, who capped the scoring with a calm finish into the corner. Rangers offered little in attack, but sub Sandro headed Tjarron Cherry's corner against the post late on. Ipswich had failed to score in seven of their previous 10 Championship games, but could have had plenty more, with Christophe Berra heading wide from six yards, and Skuse firing a volley straight at Smithies. The Rs have won only once in their last six matches away from Loftus Road, and rarely looked like improving that record in Ian Holloway's second game in charge. The win lifted Mick McCarthy's Ipswich up four places to 14th and above Rangers, who slipped to 15th. Ipswich manager Mick McCarthy: "The irony was that poor old Alex Smithies cost them the second goal which set us up to win as comprehensively as we did.  He then kept it from being an embarrassing scoreline, but I'll take three. "With Luke Varney and also Jonathan Douglas, I knew what I was going to get - even though I bet some people weren't thinking that when they saw the teamsheet.  Luke epitomised everything what I want in this team. "We have not been bristling with confidence.  I have had a couple of rotten weekends after Rotherham and Nottingham Forest.  But hopefully Ipswich can be a happier place than it has been. "QPR boss Ian Holloway:  "I am sure everyone will say everything hinged on the second goal, but it shouldn't have. "The goal was a calamity and after that we were awful and it could have been four or five. "Everyone will blame my keeper but I won't as my defenders should have made an angle for him.  Even with my legs, I would have ran back and tried to help him. "My players need to be mentally tougher as a group.  I am disappointed with how we finished today.  We have got to try and be a bigger, braver and more solid team. "Match ends, Ipswich Town 3, Queens Park Rangers 0. Second Half ends, Ipswich Town 3, Queens Park Rangers 0. Attempt saved.  Yeni N'Gbakoto (Queens Park Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Yeni N'Gbakoto (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Luke Chambers (Ipswich Town). Attempt saved.  Freddie Sears (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Jonathan Douglas. Offside, Ipswich Town.  Leon Best tries a through ball, but Jonathan Douglas is caught offside. Attempt saved.  David McGoldrick (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.  Assisted by Leon Best. Attempt saved.  Freddie Sears (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.  Assisted by Cole Skuse. Karl Henry (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Jonathan Douglas (Ipswich Town). Offside, Queens Park Rangers.  Alex Smithies tries a through ball, but Idrissa Sylla is caught offside. Sandro (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by David McGoldrick (Ipswich Town). Attempt blocked.  Cole Skuse (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner,  Ipswich Town.  Conceded by Grant Hall. Karl Henry (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Cole Skuse (Ipswich Town). Attempt missed.  Jonathan Douglas (Ipswich Town) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left.  Assisted by Freddie Sears with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Ipswich Town.  Conceded by Alex Smithies. Attempt saved.  Grant Ward (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Freddie Sears with a through ball. Alex Smithies (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Jonathan Douglas (Ipswich Town). Corner,  Ipswich Town.  Conceded by Alex Smithies. Attempt saved.  David McGoldrick (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Grant Ward. Attempt missed.  David McGoldrick (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from more than 35 yards misses to the left.  Assisted by Cole Skuse following a set piece situation. Substitution, Ipswich Town.  Leon Best replaces Tom Lawrence. Foul by Nedum Onuoha (Queens Park Rangers). Grant Ward (Ipswich Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  Queens Park Rangers.  Conceded by Grant Ward. Corner,  Queens Park Rangers.  Conceded by Adam Webster. Sandro (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Jonathan Douglas (Ipswich Town). Sandro (Queens Park Rangers) hits the right post with a header from the right side of the six yard box.  Assisted by Tjaronn Chery with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Queens Park Rangers.  Conceded by Christophe Berra. Attempt missed.  David McGoldrick (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.  Assisted by Tom Lawrence. Foul by Sandro (Queens Park Rangers). Jonathan Douglas (Ipswich Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Karl Henry (Queens Park Rangers). Cole Skuse (Ipswich Town) wins a free kick on the left wing.
The 24-year-old forward, who never made a first-team appearance for the Reds, has been without a club since leaving Scottish side Kilmarnock last year. Ngoo had loan spells with Hearts, Yeovil Town and Walsall during his time with Liverpool, before leaving Anfield in the summer of 2014. He is eligible to make his debut for the Ravens against Chester on Saturday.
The film, written by JK Rowling and starring Eddie Redmayne as Newt Scamander, took a total of £15. 3m. It is the third highest opening weekend from the JK Rowling series, behind the two final Harry Potter films. Warner Bros executive Josh Berger said: "We are thrilled with the huge response from British and Irish audiences. "The film also worked its magic at North American cinemas, taking an estimated $75m (£61m) over the weekend - more than the rest of the US box office top 10 combined. Harry Potter creator Rowling has planned scripts for a total of five films in the series. The first instalment is set in New York, and tells the story of a fictional author mentioned in the Potter stories. Redmayne plays the part of the animal-loving magizoologist Newt Scamander, who visits New York's secret community of witches and wizards. The film is set 70 years before Harry Potter reads his book at his school, Hogwarts. It has received broadly positive reviews from critics. The opening weekend haul in the US and Canada was lower than for any of the Harry Potter films, however. Elsewhere in the box office charts, Benedict Cumberbatch's Doctor Strange fell to second with $17. 7m (£14. 3m), with Trolls third on $17. 5m (£14. 1m). Sci-fi movie Arrival, starring Amy Adams, took fourth spot with $11. 8m (£9. 5m), while the comedy Almost Christmas, starring Danny Glover and Gabrielle Union, rounded out the top five with $7m (£5. 7m). Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents.  If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
It is understood the former Scottish first minister recently travelled to the trade club's headquarters in Switzerland. His successor, Nicola Sturgeon, is exploring ways of keeping Scotland inside the European single market. EFTA members currently include Norway, Iceland and Lichtenstein. Although not members of the European Union, they are signed up to the free movement of goods, services, capital and people alongside the 28 EU countries what is called the European Economic Area (EEA). The Scottish government would like the UK as a whole to seek a similar arrangement as it prepares to leave the European Union. If that does not happen, Ms Sturgeon has confirmed that she would look at the Norwegian model as a possible route for Scotland to stay in the European single market, without leaving the UK.Speaking at a meeting of EFTA ministers in Geneva, Norway's trade minister Monica Mæland made clear that Scottish membership was not currently possible under existing rules. She said: "As for now, I think Scotland have not the competence to go into this EFTA but I think this is an internal matter for the UK, so I think Scotland should talk to the government in the UK about these matters. "But Iceland's foreign minister, Lilja Alfreðsdóttir, who currently chairs EFTA, did not rule out the possibility of special arrangements for Scotland. Ms Alfreðsdóttir, who recently met Nicola Sturgeon in Reykjavik, said it was "too premature to exclude anything". She said SNP politicians had been "very interested both in EFTA and also the EEA arrangement that Norway, Iceland and Lichtenstein have". She added: "It is interesting but of course you need to be a sovereign state to apply but maybe as a possibility going forward - you never know. "Liechtenstein's foreign minister, Aurelia Frick, said Scottish representatives were "coming and visiting Lichtenstein, and trying to find out especially about the functioning of the European Economic Area that allows Liechtenstein, Iceland and Norway to be part of the EU single market". She said Liechtenstein can inform Scotland about the way the EEA and EFTA work, but said the UK must sort out its post-Brexit ambitions before membership in either could be considered. The Scottish government is expected to publish an options paper in December. UK ministers have said the will consider proposals from the devolved administrations but have emphasised the need for an agreed UK-wide negotiating position. It would be open for the UK to seek to stay part of the single market as part of the EEA, through membership of EFTA.Ms Alfreðsdóttir said Iceland would welcome an application from the UK, adding that "I believe the EFTA would be stronger with the UK inside". But that option may be unacceptable to many Leave voters in the UK because Norway, Iceland and Lichtenstein pay contributions to the EU in exchange for market access and have to allow EU citizens the right to live and work in their countries. EFTA countries must comply with the rules of the single market without getting a formal say in shaping them. Some have suggested EFTA/EEA membership for the UK as a transitional arrangement for several years while longer term trading relationships are negotiated. Ms Mæland said she had discussed the potential need for transitional arrangements with UK international trade minister, Lord Price, last week. She said: "That was something Price was talking about - what are we going to do in the meantime? So we are hoping to discuss several solutions. "The UK government has not publicly confirmed that it will require any interim trading arrangements once the two year Brexit negotiations end. It has suggested that departure terms and the UK's future relationship can be negotiated together. While the UK as a whole voted to leave the EU in the referendum on 24 June, Scottish voters backed Remain by 62% to 38%. The Scottish government has interpreted that as a mandate to keep Scotland as close as possible to the EU.Ms Sturgeon has specifically said her priority is to keep Scotland in the single market. Her preference is for the whole UK to stay in.  If that is not possible she wants a special arrangement to keep Scotland in. If neither of those options work out, she is preparing for a possible second referendum on Scottish independence. Mr Salmond's talks with EFTA officials seem to be part of a wider discussion between SNP politicians and the association's member governments. Ms Sturgeon recently met Icelandic ministers at an Arctic Council in Reykjavik. EFTA's fourth member country is Switzerland.  It is not part of the EEA but trades goods freely with the EU under a series of bilateral agreements.   It has also signed up to the free movement of people. The president of the Swiss Confederation, Johann Schneider-Ammann, said he was confident the UK would prosper outside the EU, whichever model it pursues. "The UK will be successful anyway," he said. "The UK is such a strong economy, such a strong society, I do not fear that they wouldn't be able to defend its strengths and become a real player". If the UK does not agree a new trading relationship with the EU by the point of Brexit in 2019, the fallback position is to use the World Trade Organisation's system of tariffs for imports and exports. If the UK supported a Scottish government bid for EFTA/EEA membership it would probably require extra devolution of power to allow Scottish ministers to make International agreements.
The supporters had been on a stadium tour but managed to cut themselves off from the remainder of the party. They were found on Saturday morning during a security sweep of the stadium before being handed over to police, who decided not to arrest the pair. United say there was no risk to supporters attending the Arsenal game. The pair had been searched and their belongings put through a metal detector before they went on the tour. The incident comes six months after United's Premier League game against Bournemouth at Old Trafford had to be called off at short notice when a suspect package was found in a toilet in the corner of the stadium. It turned out to be a fake explosive left behind after a training exercise earlier in the week.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceA 2-1 defeat at Monaco sealed their exit from the competition as they paid the price for their woeful home form. Consecutive defeats at their temporary Wembley home had left Spurs with no margin for error and they duly came up short against a classy Monaco side. "We need to improve our mentality and be ready every game," Pochettino said. "From the beginning of the season, I said our challenge was not physical, it was tactical - to manage your mind and to play on Saturday and then Tuesday or Wednesday. "Pochettino added he may need to add "more quality" to his squad. "Our objective is to be competitive in the Premier League and Champions League but we need to show more," he said.  "Maybe after today, we see we struggle a bit. "Tottenham were outclassed by Monaco at Stade Louis II, and only an inspired performance by goalkeeper Hugo Lloris prevented a bigger margin of defeat. Djibril Sidibe's header early in the second half sparked a stunning sequence of three goals in just five minutes, with Harry Kane levelling from the penalty spot only for Monaco to score the winner just 39 seconds later through Thomas Lemar. It was Spurs' third defeat in five Group E games, following reverses at Wembley against Monaco and Bayer Leverkusen, who have both now reached the last 16. By Phil McNulty, BBC Sport chief football writerAll last season's hard work in the Premier League was carelessly tossed away in Tottenham's abysmal Champions League campaign, and the whole group phase has been a nightmare for manager Mauricio Pochettino. Spurs made Wembley their home as White Hart Lane's capacity is reduced by a rebuild, but the tenants have never settled.  The curse of Wembley - the loss to Leverkusen was their sixth there in succession - was perhaps a convenient excuse, though, as the more uncomfortable truth was revealed in Monaco. Pochettino took a huge share of the blame from Spurs fans on Tuesday, and rightly so after a mystifying team selection.  The Argentine knew Monaco were dangerous.  He knew defeat would be fatal to their hopes.  Yet still chose to gamble recklessly. Jan Vertonghen's presence was surely crucial, even more so with Toby Alderweireld injured, and yet he chose to leave the Belgian on the bench, pairing Kevin Wimmer with Eric Dier in central defence and picking Kieran Trippier ahead of Kyle Walker at right-back. Spurs were hopelessly exposed defensively.  Any hope of setting up a final Wembley hurrah against CSKA Moscow by getting a good result in France went up in smoke as they produced a display lacking in intensity, quality and resilience.  It summed up neatly their efforts in the Champions League. They have not been good enough and were not helped by a bad misjudgement from Pochettino. Former England international Phil Neville, part of the BBC Radio 5 live commentary team, described Spurs' display as "the worst I've seen them play all season". He added: "They were wide open at the back, disorganised in midfield.  The Champions League has been a real learning curve and they've been found out. "They've made naive decisions in the Champions League and Tottenham are being punished.  Positions you take in the Premier League don't get punished.  Here they do.
The ex-Bury and Sheffield United player was abused while at Crewe Alexandra from the age of 11 to 15. His abuser, Barry Bennell, was jailed for nine years in 1998 after admitting sexual offences against six boys. Warnock said Mr Woodward gave other alleged victims the courage to speak. Mr Woodward, was the first to go public last week, and has since been followed by several others who have made allegations about being sexually abused by coaches as children. Cheshire Police said 11 people had come forward after Mr Woodward waived his anonymity, including his fellow ex-Crewe player Steve Walters, 44, who said he had been abused by Bennell, when he was 13 or 14, during a trip to Anglesey. A dedicated NSPCC hotline - 0800 023 2642 - set up after the abuse claims came to light, received more than 50 calls within its first two hours. Abuse claims: Who has spoken out?Football abused 'could number hundreds'We must protect next generation - FA chiefWarnock said he had spoken to Mr Woodward before he went public. ''I had an hour with him on the phone and in that conversation he broke down in tears because it's horrific,'' the Cardiff manager said. ''It's alright saying it's a long time ago but to actually confront it in the media takes so much guts. ''I've told him how proud I am of him and I think by his bravery it will open up everything now and it will be a relief for so many ex-players that have been through the same situation. ''He added: ''I wasn't aware how bad it was at the time when I helped him.  He was at Bury and I thought he was outstanding so I'd promised to take him with me when I went to Sheffield United. ''But then he just lost his form overnight with no real reason, until he spoke to me.  I felt I had to carry on and take him because I'd given him my word. ''When you listen to his story and when I look back now, I couldn't understand it at the time and I don't think any of us could ever envisage what Andy and the other lads have had to go through. ''I think it becomes easier now.  Now it's out in the open I think they can get on with their lives and I think Andy will help a lot of people.  He's that type of person who will talk to those who want privacy and help them. ''It's a good thing he's set in motion because I think what Andy brought out is the tip of the iceberg and we'll see that in the coming months. ''Warnock said measures had been put in place in recent years regarding checks on young players' coaches and there was now support for those who need it. He said: ''I think there has to be changes but we have everything in place, financially and everything, we have no excuse to let young lads down now. ''The helplines they are setting up at every level, if a parent's worried, there's help there.  It has to be, not just the professionals, but the Sunday Leagues.
Villa instead appointed Roberto Di Matteo, but he was sacked after 124 days and replaced by Steve Bruce. "They wanted bigger names I think, they took the lad [Di Matteo] and that is how it goes," Warnock said ahead of Cardiff's visit to Villa Park. "I thought at the time that's their loss not mine. "The 67-year-old continued: ''There were about five clubs I spoke to.  You have to look at that when you get to my age. "I would not be here if one or two of those things had cropped up, but I am really pleased I am here.  It is probably fate. "Warnock had discussions with a number of clubs in the summer, including Nottingham Forest, before joining Cardiff following the departure of Paul Trollope in October. Trollope has since been appointed assistant manager at Brighton, replacing Colin Calderwood who left to join Bruce at Villa. After sacking Di Matteo, who lasted just 12 games, Villa opted for former Hull manager Bruce just a week after Warnock had been installed at Cardiff. Warnock thinks Bruce is the right man to bring success to Villa following their Premier League relegation as he is a similar manager to himself. ''With Steve and myself you get what you see.  I was disappointed I did not get a chance with Villa in the summer if I'm honest, because I thought it would have been ideal to sort everything out," Warnock told BBC Wales. "That is why I am not surprised at all Steve has gone in and done really well. "I am not saying we are similar types, but we have the same philosophies regarding management. ''I think Steve is the right one now.  He knows it's a massive club.  He will be looking forward to it. "We have had some right battles over the years.  He knows he's in for a tough game on Saturday. ''Warnock believes Bruce, unbeaten at Villa, deserved a crack at the England job. ''Personally I thought he should have been England manager at the time," he said.  "With his experience, playing wise, what he had done and his age and his enthusiasm, it was an ideal position for him in the summer. ''I know Gareth Southgate has done a good job, but I am surprised they have not spoken to Steve again.
Liam Craig swept home Steven MacLean's delivery in with 14 minutes gone. ICT captain Gary Warren was dismissed for two bookable offences in quick succession after the break, leading to Murray Davidson firing in a second. Danny Swanson broke neatly into the box and killed off Caley Thistle in the final 10 minutes with a low finish. Inverness, now propping up the league table, have conceded more goals than any other side in the Premiership. Their rearguard were all lured to the ball for the opening goal.  Good play from MacLean drew in a posse of defenders before he played in Craig to deftly finish from the edge of the box. When skipper Warren was sent-off you feared the worst for Inverness.  His first yellow was for persistent fouling.  His second came soon after for a foul on Swanson as the forward skipped past him.  The resultant free-kick led to Davidson doubling the Saints lead. Injuries have not helped Caley Thistle's cause at the back - Ross Draper was forced to play centre-back - but boss Richie Foran must be concerned about the porous nature of his defence. St Johnstone had lost three of their four home games ahead this match.  Manager Tommy Wright knew it was vital his side stopped conceding poor goals. It was better in the first half.  Often Inverness got to the St Johnstone box only to be rebuffed by a ring of light blue steel that resulted in the visitors barely getting a sniff of goal. Overall Inverness looked toothless but credit to St Johnstone for looking more like their resolute selves. There was a swagger about Wright's side after they opened the scoring, but they had to wait until the second half to increase their lead. They might have had a penalty when Richard Foster went down in the box under challenge.  It looked a bit soft and referee Euan Anderson waved it away. St Johnstone deserved another goal, though, and it came after Warren's dismissal, Davidson finding the bottom corner from the ricocheted free-kick. Swanson added the icing to the cake with a third goal 10 minutes from time, as Saints sealed an utterly deserved victory. St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright: "We started on the front foot, got the goal, then after the first and second goals we dropped off a little bit.  Inverness got back into it without causing us many problems. "Our achilles heel this season has been not defending crosses into the box and set plays, and I thought the two centre-halves and Murray Davidson in particular dealt with them well. "Swanson's goal is a good, quality goal, and we probably could've scored more when they went down to 10.  I'm pleased with the three points and probably equally pleased with the clean sheet. "Inverness CT manager Richie Foran: "We got what we deserved.  We've gone from one of our best performances of the season (against Dundee) to probably our worst.  It's very disappointing.  Talk about being inconsistent - that's sums us up this season. "You're in there before games trying to motivate them and they're talking the talk, all the clichés, and they're going out there and not walking the walk.  Go do your talking on the park - we didn't today. "I can't be too harsh on the lads, their attitude is wonderful day in, day out, but you get paid to perform in the match and we've not performed over the last three or four games. "But I know exactly what I need to bring in - our problem is we've got too many attack-minded players, we're right up there on the goal charts, but we're worse off on goals against, so we need more defensive-minded players and I'll go and get them (in January).  The funds are there. "Match ends, St.  Johnstone 3, Inverness CT 0. Second Half ends, St.  Johnstone 3, Inverness CT 0. Foul by Liam Craig (St.  Johnstone). Jake Mulraney (Inverness CT) wins a free kick on the right wing. Attempt missed.  Liam Craig (St.  Johnstone) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the right is too high from a direct free kick. Christopher Kane (St.  Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Ross Draper (Inverness CT). Attempt missed.  Greg Tansey (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. David Wotherspoon (St.  Johnstone) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Iain Vigurs (Inverness CT). Substitution, Inverness CT. Cameron Gilchrist replaces Carl Tremarco. Attempt missed.  Graham Cummins (St.  Johnstone) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Substitution, Inverness CT. Alisdair Sutherland replaces Lonsana Doumbouya. Attempt missed.  Christopher Kane (St.  Johnstone) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Substitution, St.  Johnstone.  Christopher Kane replaces Danny Swanson. Substitution, St.  Johnstone.  Graham Cummins replaces Steven MacLean. Murray Davidson (St.  Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Lonsana Doumbouya (Inverness CT). Goal!  St.  Johnstone 3, Inverness CT 0.  Danny Swanson (St.  Johnstone) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Brian Easton. Substitution, St.  Johnstone.  Blair Alston replaces Michael Coulson. David Wotherspoon (St.  Johnstone) is shown the yellow card. Foul by Iain Vigurs (Inverness CT). Murray Davidson (St.  Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt blocked.  Billy King (Inverness CT) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Corner,  Inverness CT. Conceded by Richard Foster. Attempt blocked.  David Wotherspoon (St.  Johnstone) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Ross Draper (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Steven MacLean (St.  Johnstone). Attempt missed.  Billy King (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Attempt saved.  Larnell Cole (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Substitution, Inverness CT. Jake Mulraney replaces Aaron Doran. Corner,  Inverness CT. Conceded by Murray Davidson. Attempt blocked.  Iain Vigurs (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Goal!  St.  Johnstone 2, Inverness CT 0.  Murray Davidson (St.  Johnstone) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal.  Assisted by Michael Coulson. Second yellow card to Gary Warren (Inverness CT) for a bad foul. Danny Swanson (St.  Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Gary Warren (Inverness CT). Gary Warren (Inverness CT) is shown the yellow card. Steven MacLean (St.  Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Gary Warren (Inverness CT).
A member of the public alerted the emergency services to the discovery at about 21:00 on Sunday. Police Scotland said formal identification has still to take place, but that Mr Mitchell's family have been informed. The 18-year-old was last seen in Inverness on 10 November on CCTV.Searches were made of areas of Inverness, including along the shore of the nearby Moray Firth. St Fergus, near Peterhead, is also on the Moray Firth coast.
Ronald Dickens, 47, followed a woman in her 20s into Newbold Road in Rugby in November 1985 before dragging her into a lane and raping her. The incident completely changed her life leaving her wondering for 30 years who assaulted her, police said. A cold case review using new DNA techniques led to the breakthrough. Warwickshire Police said its major crime review team identified Dickens, with help from forensic investigators, using techniques not available at the time of the crime. More updates on this and other stories in Coventry and WarwickshireDickens, of Phipps Avenue, Rugby, admitted rape at at Coventry Crown Court on Monday. Det Sgt Paul Thompson said: "Ronald Dickens subjected the victim to a horrific attack which has altered the course of her life. "This incident completely changed her life and she has been looking over her shoulder for the past 30 years not knowing who assaulted her. He also urged anyone else who has been a victim of a sexual offence to come forward to police to report it.
School crossing patrol personnel numbers have dropped by about 75 since 2013, leading to fears about safety. Overall, councils spent £810,000 less on the service than three years ago. Stirling Council has reduced its outlay by the highest percentage, spending 50% less than in 2013. West Dunbartonshire cut its spending on patrol services by 40%. The figures were obtained from Freedom of Information requests answered by 30 of Scotland's 32 local authorities. It showed there are now just over 2,100 school patrol officers in Scotland. Despite the widespread reductions, some local authorities actually increased their spend - including Inverclyde, where it went up by more than 90% and Dumfries and Galloway, where it increased by nearly 10%. A spokesman for Stirling Council, which had the biggest cut to school patrol services, said the decision was made three years ago following substantial cuts to its overall budget. He added: "The majority of these savings were made by removing lunch-time crossing patrols and removing any patrols which duplicated existing crossing safety measures (i.e.  pelican and zebra crossings nearby).  The safety of our pupils is of the utmost importance and we strive to maintain key crossing patrol services where these are required. "West Dunbartonshire said that patroller sites had been reduced due to a variety of factors including the relocation of schools, lack of use of sites and alternative facilities nearby. A spokesman for the council said: "Over the last three years a number of our school crossing patrollers have retired or moved on to other roles. "On review, some of the sites have no longer met the criteria for a crossing patroller and in other cases we have installed a pedestrian crossing. "Increasing numbers of pupils remaining in school over lunchtime has also meant that there is no longer demand for cover during these times. "The Scottish Parent Teacher Council emphasised the importance of school patrollers for pupil safety. Eileen Prior from the organisation said: "Parents want to make sure that when they say goodbye to their child in the morning they can be confident they are going to be able to get to school safely. "The reality on the ground is that services and supports for education services are being cut at local authority level.  Lollipop people provide an important service that parents really value. "Figures also show that over the period between 2013-16, the number of children killed on the roads fell, although the number seriously injured increased slightly. The highest numbers of children were injured while walking during school drop-off and pick-up times. In 2013 there were five children killed while on foot and 92 seriously injured - compared to three children killed last year and 97 seriously injured. However, according to Sustrans - which promotes safe walking and cycling networks across the UK - the number of children walking to school has fallen dramatically. In its 2015 policy studies institute report, it cited figures from 1971, which showed 86% of children travelled home from school alone.  That compared with figures from 2010 that showed only 25% walked to school. In Scotland child pedestrians are two-and-a-half times more likely than adults to be injured in road traffic accidents. Although accident rates are falling, more child and adult pedestrians are injured in road traffic accidents in deprived areas compared with more affluent areas. Over the past decade, in deprived areas, three times as many child pedestrians were injured than in less deprived areas. A spokesman for Cosla, the umbrella group that represents many of Scotland's councils, said the issue of cuts to school crossing patrollers was related to the overall drop in council funding from the Scottish government. He said: "People all over Scotland are becoming more and more aware of the impact of cuts to council budgets. "Each council will do everything in their power to restrict the impact of budget cuts on families and communities, but the nature of our work means that these cuts impact on everyone eventually. "We continue to advocate for a fair settlement for local government in Scotland and look forward to negotiations with Scottish government on this matter. "A Scottish government spokeswoman said: "Spending on school patrollers is a matter for individual councils but the Scottish government has treated local government very fairly despite the cuts to the Scottish budget from the UK government. "Taking into account the addition of the £250m to support the integration of health and social care, the overall reduction in 2016-17 funding equates to less than 1% of local government's total estimated expenditure in 2016-17.
The 34-year-old will sign a permanent deal until the end of the season in January when the transfer window opens. He previously spent two years at Bootham Crescent, scoring 14 league goals in 64 league games between 2002 and 2004 before joining Macclesfield. Parkin is likely to go straight into the Minstermen's team for Saturday's trip to Tranmere.
Carlsen sealed victory following three weeks of play and a series of tiebreakers in New York. Karjakin tied against Carlsen in 12 regular rounds but was beaten in the final phase of four quickfire games. Organisers said the event was followed by about six million chess fans around the world. Hundreds of spectators paid between $100 and $500 to watch the games at a former fish market in Manhattan, separated from the two grandmasters by soundproof glass. After his victory, Carlsen's supporters greeted him by cheering and singing "Happy Birthday", to mark his 26th birthday. The boy who conquered the chess worldThe prize of $1. 1m (Â£879,000) is divided between the two players with the winner taking 60%. Chess reached the height of its popularity in the 1970s, when the game was overshadowed by Cold War rivalry. In 1972, the victory of American Bobby Fischer over Russian defender Boris Spassky at the World Chess Championship in Iceland was dubbed the "match of the century". Commentators mentioned current geopolitical tensions in connection with this year's match when Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, the Russian president of the World Chess Federation, was accused by the US of collaborating with the Syrian government and barred from travelling to New York.
Pte Matthew Boyd, 20, was off-duty on a night out in Brecon when he was punched and beaten by Jake Vallely. But the jury cleared Vallely's friend Aaeron Evans of manslaughter after Cardiff Crown Court was told he was not present during the attack. Vallely, 24, will be sentenced on 8 December. The unconscious body of Pte Boyd, who served with the Royal Gibraltar Regiment, was found by police in the town in the early hours of 8 May. Pte Boyd, who is originally from Carrickfergus, County Antrim, had been in the town for training exercises at the infantry battle school. During the trial, the court heard Pte Boyd was making his way back to the barracks when he was attacked outside a bar called The Cellar. CCTV footage showed the soldier being punched, going to the ground and being beaten until he no longer moved. Vallely then dragged his body from the scene before fleeing. The trial was told the killer had been on a seven hour drinking binge and in the hour before the attack was boasting he was the "hardest man in Brecon". His friend Mr Evans was cleared of any involvement in the attack, after the jury was told he had left the scene before the start of any violence. Senior investigating officer Det Supt David Guiney, from Dyfed-Powys Police, called the attack "a despicable act" that "shocked" the community of Brecon. "I plead with anyone who plans a night out drinking with their friends to please, walk away from any conflict, do not resort to violence," he said. A family tribute described Pte Boyd as an "all-rounder" who had "a promising career ahead of him which has been cut short". The tribute read: "Matthew was full of life.  He was loving, caring and loyal.  He was always playing jokes on his peers and family, and always brought smiles to our faces. "It said Vallely had created "a void in our family that will never be filled", adding the "unbearable pain" was something they will have to live with for the rest of their lives. "During this trial, it has been mentioned that Jake Vallely called himself the 'hardest man in Brecon' on the night that he murdered Matthew," the tribute said. "He couldn't have been more wrong.  There has been such a massive outpouring of love from the community in Brecon towards our family; in our mind, those are the strongest people in Brecon.
Vardy, 29, is included after scoring 24 goals to help the Foxes win the Premier League last season. Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney is overlooked for the first time in the competition's 12-year history. Wales and Real Madrid forward Gareth Bale makes the list for a second consecutive year. Bale's Real Madrid team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo and Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon are included, making them the only ever-presents for an award based on votes from professional players from 75 countries. In total, 16 Premier League players are on the list, including Vardy's former Leicester team-mate N'Golo Kante, now at Chelsea, Manchester City's Kevin De Bruyne, Dimitri Payet of West Ham and Arsenal's Hector Bellerin. Barcelona have the most players represented, with 12 - two more than rivals Real Madrid. The World XI will be announced in January.
Abidjan-born Zaha grew up in England and won two caps for the Three Lions, but because they were in friendly games he is allowed to switch allegiance. "We have written to Fifa and expect Zaha's switch to be approved," said Ivorian FA vice-president Malick Tohe. However, Southgate said: "We are still hopeful that we can speak to Wilf. "In the past maybe England was the better option but now [Ivory Coast and England] are more or less the sameSouthgate, who managed the Crystal Palace winger for England Under-21s, has not ruled out the chance to select him again, this time for the senior side, despite Zaha's request to Fifa to switch allegiance. "He's a player I've obviously worked with.  At the time, I had him with the Under-21s.  The first few months he played very well for us. . .then he had a difficult period for his club. "He had a loan spell at Cardiff that didn't go so well and at the stage we had players like Tom Ince, who was performing better in the Championship out wide for us, so he dipped out of that group. "Then obviously over the last couple of years, with respect, no-one was questioning him not being in our squad last summer (at the European Championships). "Asked if the player's decision was now too far down the line, Southgate replied: "I would like to speak to him before we make a decision and happy to make that happen. "Zaha's slip down the pecking order for England opened up the chance for Ivory Coast to persuade the 24-year-old to switch to the Elephants. And Tohe told BBC Sport why he believes playing for Ivory Coast has great appeal. "Ivory Coast is valued, the national team is always at the World Cup, we won the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations.  Players know it is a good team to play with. "When asked how the Ivorians put their case to Zaha, Tohe said: "We told him 'you have two options and in the past maybe England was the better option but now they are more or less the same'. "Zaha was born in Ivory Coast, he will be joining the African champions. . .  there is the same exposure for Ivory Coast as for the England team.
The charge follows the mass fracas in the 95th minute of the game at Etihad Stadium, which Chelsea won 3-1. City had forward Sergio Aguero and midfielder Fernandinho sent off, but Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas will not face any further action. City manager Pep Guardiola apologised for his team's part in the incident. Aguero, 28, received a four-match ban for what was his second dismissal for violent conduct this season, following a high and late challenge on Chelsea defender David Luiz. Fernandinho clashed with Fabregas in the scuffle that followed Aguero's challenge, and the Brazil midfielder will serve a three-match ban. Both clubs have until 18:00 GMT on 8 December to respond to the charge.
He was also dealing them, and at one point faced a possible jail sentence. Born in the Scottish new town of Cumbernauld, Ryan began experimenting with drugs when he was 12, initially because he was curious and had fallen in with likeminded friends. "I tried everything - cocaine, Valium, ecstasy, speed, heroin. . .  I'd go on benders for two or three days at a time, and I'd take five or 10 ecstasy tablets in one night," he says. "From the age of 15 to 20 I took drugs every single day. "Thankfully for Ryan, everything changed when he was 20, and he has not touched drugs ever since.  While the cynical may raise their eyebrows, Ryan, now 37, says he discovered God and quit overnight. Without the drugs, he was able to get his life back, and aged 24 he launched a catering company called Regis Banqueting. Today the 13-year-old business has blue-chip clients including mobile phone network O2, luxury carmaker Bentley, and investment bank JP Morgan. With drugs his main interest and income at the time, Ryan left school in Cumbernauld, 13 miles north-east of Glasgow, aged 16. Four years later he was dealing thousands of pounds worth of drugs a week, and if he continued he says it was clear that he would become a "big time gangster drug dealer". Trying to run away from his lifestyle, Ryan decided in 2000 to go to New Zealand for a year in search of a fresh start. But it fell apart just two weeks after he arrived, when New Zealand customs intercepted a package of 100 ecstasy pills that Ryan had posted to himself from Scotland. Facing a jail term, he phoned a friend back in Scotland.  She said that she would pray for him and suggested he do the same. Ryan says: "I thought 'you're off your head' but I decided to try it, and I got down beside my bed and I said, 'I don't believe that there is a God, but if you're real then show me that you're real and I'll believe in you. '"Out on bail, Ryan had to go to the police station every two days, but his appetite for drugs was undiminished. It was only when he met two female hitchhikers that things changed.  The women took him out for lunch, then to church, and allowed him to move in to their home. "That was when I thought there was maybe something to this because why would two complete strangers do that? That was the catalyst for change. "Ryan says that discovering his faith was fast, and the change immediate.  Drugs suddenly lost all appeal, and he threw all the substances that he had into the sea, and has been clean ever since. "I know most people who have been taking drugs don't have that experience.  Most people do ok for a bit then they relapse.  Everyone's journey is different but that was mine. "While Ryan escaped jail time in New Zealand, his visa was revoked, and he returned to Scotland in May 2000. He joined a church, the evangelical Freedom City Church in Cumbernauld, met his wife and got married. To earn money he got a job working with drug and alcohol addicts, where he was able to draw on his own experience to try to help others to quit. However, when the funding for his role ran out a few years later he found himself without work.  It was then that the opportunity to start his own business came about. His church wanted a catering company to run the cafe attached to their conference centre on an ad hoc basis, and the then-pastor suggested Ryan might fit the bill. Despite having little to no catering experience he jumped at the chance and Regis Banqueting was formed.  Ryan attended catering college alongside running the cafe and learned as he went along. "I had to phone my mother-in-law to ask how you make steak pie," he says. "I was young and naive.   If I knew what I know now, I probably wouldn't have started it. "To help Ryan expand the business into contract catering, the Princes Trust, the UK start-up support charity led by the Prince of Wales, gave him a £5,000 loan. While Ryan says the first three years were tough, with him taking a salary of just £6,000 in year one, over time the clients and contracts got bigger. Cumbernauld-based Regis Banqueting now has 65 staff - 20 full-time and 40 part-time, many of whom are seasonal - and annual turnover is £1. 3m. Meanwhile, Ryan and the company have won a number of awards including the Royal Bank of Scotland's young business of the year crown, and director of the year from the Institute of Directors organisation. Prof Eleanor Shaw, head of the Hunter Centre for Entrepreneurship at the University of Strathclyde, says it is Ryan's motivation and enthusiasm that helps make him such a success. "Catering is a really difficult market to be competitive in, but he has such energy," she says.  "He's very hardworking and is so motivated that it brushes off on everyone around him. "Looking back on his troubled youth, Ryan says he knows that his life might have turned out very differently. As a result he tries to help others who face addiction and poverty, for instance by employing former addicts and ex-offenders among his staff. He is also in the process of starting another company, alongside Regis, that will focus on creating a brand of casual dining restaurants, the first to be launched in Glasgow next year.  The plan is to expand across Scotland and the UK before going international. "I say to my wife sometimes that it's amazing how we're making more money than a doctor or lawyer - and we're making sandwiches," says Ryan.
The star is up for the main prize, album of the year, for her ambitious visual album, Lemonade, which tackles themes of race and female identity. Her single Formation is also up for song and record of the year. In all three categories, she is up against Adele - who previously won the ceremony's top three prizes in 2012. Beyonce now has 62 Grammy nominations across her work as a solo artist and as part of Destiny's Child, making her the fourth most-nominated artist ever. She has won 20 trophies altogether, although she has yet to clinch the album of the year prize, having been beaten to the title by Beck in 2015 - much to the disgust of Kanye West, who stormed the stage in protest. West receives eight nominations this year for his album The Life Of Pablo - all in the rap categories. Drake and Rihanna also have eight nominations, including three for their hit collaboration, Work. Making Grammy history is Chicago-born musician Chance The Rapper, whose album Coloring Book is the first streaming-only record to be recognised by the Recording Academy. He achieves seven nominations, including best new artist, without ever releasing a physical album or digital download. Beyonce and Adele go head to head with Justin Bieber, Drake and country star Sturgill Simpson in the best album category. If Adele wins, she will become only the second woman to receive the best album prize twice, after Taylor Swift. Notably absent from the shortlist is David Bowie, who was tipped to win for his critically-acclaimed Blackstar album. The record does make an appearance in the best alternative album category, as does Radiohead's A Moon Shaped Pool. Coldplay have also fared badly, receiving just one nomination - best music video - despite selling millions of copies of their latest album, A Head Full Of Dreams. Prince receives a posthumous nomination for his final album, Hit N Run Phase Two, in the best engineered, non-classical category, where Blackstar also makes the shortlist. British star James Corden will host the 2017 Grammy Awards, which take place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles on Sunday, 12 February. Album Of The YearRecord Of The YearSong Of The YearBest New ArtistBest alternative albumBest pop albumBest rap albumFollow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents.  If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
It will take a while for supporters and other leaders of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party, or AIADMK, to come to terms with the huge void created by the death of Jayalalitha, one of India's most flamboyant and controversial leaders. The party, founded in 1972 by the charismatic MG Ramachandran, known as MGR, a film star turned politician, has been playing a crucial role in providing political stability in Tamil Nadu, which is among the most important Indian states economically and politically. Jayalalitha's death has triggered an air of uncertainty among the 75 million Tamils who have been used to seeing the AIADMK either as a governing party or as the main opposition for nearly four decades. Political stability has played a key role in Tamil Nadu's development over the years.   Its economy has been growing at a rate of around 12% in the past 10 years, much higher than the national average of around 8%. Tamil Nadu is also the second largest economy among Indian states, next only to Maharashtra.  Its Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in 2015 was estimated to be around $150bn (Â£119bn).  And as a whole, GDP per person in Tamil Nadu is 68% higher than the national average of $1,390 (Â£1,102) a year. For the moment, one of Jayalalitha's trusted lieutenants, O Panneerselvam, has taken over as chief minister.  The smooth transition of power has surprised everyone.  But there are challenges ahead. "The party does not have any other leader who is similarly charismatic or popular.  That is a vacuum.  Right from its inception, the AIADMK has had popular leadership.  For the first time, the party does not have a popular figure," says Gnani, a veteran political analyst. It is well known that there is no second - or even third - line of leadership in the party.  The AIADMK flourished and succeeded mainly because of the charisma of Jayalalitha after she took over the party in 1990.  At the helm, she never allowed anyone to challenge her and those who showed signs of rebellion were summarily dismissed. As a woman leader in a male-dominated society, she stamped her authority to instil respect or even fear among her party's men.  Her autocratic style led to her ministers and senior party members prostrating in front of her in public, sometimes even in front of her car, to get her blessing or attention. The AIADMK leadership - both MGR and Jayalalitha - appealed directly to its supporters, mostly in rural and semi-urban areas.  The middle-level leaders were usually hand-picked and most of them had no political base of their own. The winning formula was achieved by offering free tablets, bicycles, televisions and money, and also by striking alliance with smaller or caste-based political parties.  The party's election symbol, Two Leaves, introduced by MGR, is still a powerful tool to attract votes. There is speculation that Jayalalitha's long-time friend and confidante Sasikala Natarajan is likely to play a crucial role in the party's affairs and establish a power structure around her. Though she was close to the former leader, Mrs Natarajan was never given any official position by Jayalalitha.  Mrs Natarajan and her family members are influential within the party, but they do not have any political base of their own. If there is any trouble within the party over the growing influence of Mrs Natarajan, that will work to the advantage of the main opposition in Tamil Nadu, the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK).  It is not uncommon in Tamil Nadu politics to engineer a split in the rival camp to bring down the government. Some regional leaders of the AIADMK, who were sidelined by Jayalalitha, may use the opportunity to stage a comeback and demand ministerial berths. Any infighting within the AIADMK is also likely to have an impact at the national level politics.  In the past two decades, India's political direction has been dictated by powerful regional parties and the AIADMK was one of them. It took 30 years for a single party to achieve an outright majority in the Indian parliament, in 2014.  Support of the regional parties was crucial in the formation of a national coalition government. But the political equation changed after Narendra Modi led the BJP to power two years ago. Whether in a coalition or not, an assertive Jayalalitha never hesitated for a moment to take on the central government, even eclipsing her mentor MGR. She castigated the federal government over their stance on the Sri Lankan Tamil issue or the Cauvery river water sharing dispute with neighbouring Karnataka state. There are concerns now that a weak AIADMK beset by internal squabbles will reduce the party's influence in central policies affecting the state. "Regional parties have already lost their influence after the BJP got an absolute majority in parliament.  If infighting erupts within the AIADMK, it will diminish the power and political leverage of the AIADMK. But the BJP still needs their support in the Rajya Sabha (Upper House) to pass crucial bills and laws," says AR Venkatachalapathy, historian and professor at the Madras Institute of Development Studies. If nothing goes wrong, the present AIADMK government is expected to complete its full term and the next state assembly elections are scheduled for 2021.   The challenge for the AIADMK will be how it will face the electorate if there is any election in the interim period. The two Dravidian parties - AIADMK and DMK - have been ruling the state for nearly five decades.  The national parties, like Congress and the BJP, have been waiting for decades to make inroads in Tamil Nadu.  Is it the right moment?"It AIADMK weakens, then the main opposition DMK will benefit.  I don't think any national party (like Congress or the BJP) will benefit from the situation.  The DMK will move into the space," says N Ram, former editor-in-chief of the Hindu newspaper. Tamil Nadu has witnessed lots of political drama over the years, but it is now entering a new phase and getting used to a life without Ms Jayalalitha for the first time in 35 years.  More twists and turns are on the cards.
The DJ will be joined on the Dorset festival line-up by 90s girl group All Saints and Frankie Goes to Hollywood frontman Holly Johnson. The annual event, organised by Rob Da Bank, takes place at Lulworth Castle from 27 to 30 July.  Other acts include children's entertainer Mr Tumble. Headline acts in previous years have included Bassment Jaxx, Blondie and Fat Boy Slim.
Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board (BCUHB) gave £20,000 towards the Lap of Wales Challenge. But the Wales Audit Office found the board breached its own rules and regulations in handling the funding. Board officials said they would learn from the experience after auditors highlighted a lack of transparency and poorly-managed conflicts of interest. Auditors also found the health board failed to follow procurement rules when appointing suppliers for the event. The Lap of Wales Challenge was organised by Cerddwn Ymlaen under the leadership of its national organiser Eryl Vaughan and was fronted by the Welsh opera singer Rhys Meirion. The event cost more than £150,000 to arrange and the surplus was £1,368. The challenge saw a number of Welsh celebrities undertaking a week-long journey through Wales in July 2015 to raise awareness of the Welsh Government's changes to the organ donation law. It was arranged in aid of Cronfa Elen.  The fund was set up by Mr Meirion in memory of his sister who died in 2012, and was incorporated within BCUHB's own official charity, Awyr Las/Blue Sky in 2014. The health board awarded £20,000 towards the event, with another £20,000 coming from Cardiff and Vale Health Board and £45,000 from the Welsh Government. The report found £10,000 of BCUHB's contribution was awarded as a loan, but the paperwork was not processed by the health board's financial team. Despite that, the funds were transferred. Cerddwn Ymlaen said it was not aware it received a loan rather than a grant and would not have agreed to it, had it known. To ensure the Lap of Wales project was not in deficit, Cerddwn Ymlaen undertook additional fundraising to meet the £154,054 cost of completing the challenge. Concerns were also raised about a breach of the health board's financial regulations in relation to the challenge. A spokesperson for BCUHB said: "The health board was very keen to learn from this experience which is why it asked the Wales Audit Office to carry out this review, as we recognise that to achieve the objectives of the charity, it is important to work with external bodies. "Such arrangements are underpinned by trust, common objectives and mutual cooperation but misunderstandings can occur. "Officials added a new joint-working protocol would provide a robust governance framework for future projects and require all arrangements to be formalised.
The Executive Office said the move was made "to enable doctors to conduct a medical assessment". Mr McGuinness was due to join the first minister on the trade mission. A spokesperson said he was "fulfilling his responsibilities as deputy first minister working with his departmental political advisers". "There has been no disruption to the work of The Executive Office during this period," added the spokesperson. Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams said: "I'm sure everybody who values his work will send best wishes to Martin, Bernie and their family. "I met Martin as normal at Stormont on Monday.  I have been in regular contact with him since and he is totally committed to fulfilling his duties.
A bank survey suggests that in November new export orders rose at a record rate. A weaker pound makes UK-produced goods cheaper in overseas markets. The pound fell sharply against the euro after the Brexit vote and is still well below pre-referendum levels. The bank's chief economist, Richard Ramsey, said cross-border shopping has also benefited, sending retail sales to their highest level in more than two years. "Both the manufacturing and retail sectors are expanding at rates well above their pre-downturn historical averages," he added. Recent official figures also point to export growth - HM Revenue and Customs data for the 12 months to September shows a 6% rise in the value of exports to £7. 4bn. However, Mr Ramsey said the data also points to inflation and consumers should "brace themselves for significant price rises in 2017". "The downside of a weak currency is import price inflation. "Manufacturers increased the price of their goods at the fastest rate on record. "Retailers are also experiencing the highest rate of cost inflation in over eight years. "The Ulster Bank surveys the activity of private sector firms every month, in what is considered a reliable indicator of the economy.
The 27-year-old dominated from the start, flooring his opponent in the 10th round and winning 120-108, 119-108 and 117-110 on the judges' scorecards. The belt could only be won by Yafai after the Panamanian was stripped of it when he failed to make the weight. Unbeaten in 21 professional fights, Yafai previously held the Commonwealth and British super-flyweight belts. The Birmingham fighter also won a silver medal at the 2010 European Championships during his amateur career. "It's unbelievable, it's going to take a while to sink in," he said.  "I knew I was going to do it, it was just a matter of how.  I just did what I needed to do. "I can't wait to headline in Birmingham as a world champion.  My hands are a bit sore so I might be out for a little bit, but the second I can get in the gym I will be back working and getting ready to defend this belt. "The fight was part of a packed undercard as Britain's Anthony Joshua retained his IBF world heavyweight championship by knocking out American Eric Molina. Bury's Scott Quigg won his first fight since losing to Carl Frampton in February, and his first as a featherweight, outpointing Mexico's Jose Cayetano. Former super-bantamweight world champion Quigg, 28, had his jaw broken by Frampton but showed no signs of frailty on his return to the ring. Cayetano, himself fighting at 126lb for the first time, was unmoved by most of his opponent's punches until the end of the eighth round, when he began to wilt. And Quigg finished his rival off with a flashing left-right combination at close quarters, the referee calling a halt to proceedings with Cayetano on the deck. Quigg has plenty of options at featherweight.  Frampton moved up and claimed the WBA featherweight title in July, Welshman Lee Selby is the IBF title-holder and Leeds' Josh Warrington is also in the hunt for a world title. Liverpool's Callum Smith stayed on course for a world title shot with a brutal 10th-round knockout of game Lancastrian Luke Blackledge. Referee Steve Gray could have stopped the fight earlier but allowed the one-sided battering to continue until Blackledge was knocked unconscious. There were an anxious few minutes as a prone Blackledge was administered oxygen before he gingerly, and mercifully, made it back to his feet. Smith, 26, successfully defended his British title for the first time and remained unbeaten in 22 pro fights, with 17 knockouts. He is ranked number one by the WBC but Sweden's Badou Jack is defending that belt against Britain's IBF champion James DeGale in January. In a thrilling light-heavyweight contest, Frank Buglioni stopped Hosea Burton in the 12th and final round to secure the British title. Manchester's Burton, 28, built an early lead behind his jab and some ramrod right hands, and the challenger's face was a bloody mess by the middle rounds. However, the Londoner's punches started to have an effect down the stretch and Burton went down under a barrage in the 11th. Midway through the 12th, Burton was stunned by a right to the temple before going down again.  He clambered to his feet but the referee called things off after another assault by Buglioni, with a minute and four seconds remaining. Buglioni, 27, improves to 19 wins (15 KOs) and two defeats from 22 pro fights and could be rewarded with a second shot at a world title. Welterweight Conor Benn, son of British legend Nigel, made it six wins out of six with a first-round knockout of Manchester's Steven Backhouse. Find out how to get into boxing with our special guide.
Ibrahim Halawa has been detained in an Egyptian prison for more than three years. His trial was adjourned for a 17th time on Tuesday. Charlie Flanagan said the government's focus was on supporting an application for Mr Halawa to be deported. The Irish government has also requested that he be considered for release under a new Egyptian government amnesty scheme for young prisoners. Mr Halawa, who turned 21 on Tuesday, is the son of Ireland's most senior Muslim cleric and was arrested during anti-government protests in Cairo in August 2013. He has been charged along with 463 others with inciting violence, rioting and sabotage relating to the protests in Cairo. Mr Halawa appeared in court on Tuesday and told judges that he was innocent and asked to be allowed to return home. His family has denied claims that Mr Halawa is a member of the Muslim Brotherhood, Egypt's oldest and largest Islamist organisation. The Egyptian government has declared it a terrorist group, a claim the organisation rejects. More than 1,000 people have been killed and 40,000 are believed to have been jailed since President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi led the military's overthrow of Mohammed Morsi, Egypt's first democratically elected head of state, in 2013.
The victim was David Byrne, a leading member of the Kinahan criminal gang. Gunmen alleged to be linked to the Hutch family took revenge on the Kinahans for the murder of a family member in Spain the previous September. Kevin McAnena, who was a journalist for BBC Radio Foyle at the time, was an eye-witness. "I heard gunshots and saw two gunmen dressed up in police uniforms.   They came in through the lobby just to my left.   One of them shot a man running away in the leg. "I jumped over the receptionist's desk and started shouting 'Don't shoot, don't shoot'.   The gunman then leaned over the receptionist's desk and pointed the gun down at me.   And I again screamed 'Don't shoot, don't shoot'.   He than said something to me and left again," he recalled. By the time David Byrne was buried, Eddie Hutch had already been murdered in retaliation. Gardaí (Irish police) believe he was killed solely because of his surname. And so began a Kinahan gang-led cycle of violence that has, so far, claimed at least nine lives.  It is not yet clear if some other gangland killings are feud-related. David Byrne's funeral took place as politicians were getting ready for a general election. When the ballot boxes were opened and counted it was soon clear that Fine Gael and Labour, the outgoing coalition parties, were taking a big hit. Not everyone bought into their "Keep the Recovery Going" message. Independents and Sinn Féin made progress, but Micheál Martin and Fianna Fáil were the big winners. At the time Mr Martin said: "Everybody who is elected to Dáil Éireann (Irish parliament) has a responsibility to do their best by the country.   And we're committed to doing our best by the country and making sure the country gets a good government.   But it's going to take time. "He was right. It took several parliament meetings before a Fine Gael-led government with independents in the cabinet emerged. It is a government that Fianna Fáil agreed to support for three budgets and in motions of confidence. Those political developments meant that when Fine Gael leader Enda Kenny attended the centenary of the 1916 Rising he was there as a caretaker prime minister. The highly symbolic event passed off without controversy with the President Michael D Higgins saying the rebellion was justified as a means to free what is now the Republic from British rule. "I think the balance now among historians, not just here but abroad and in Britain as well, is that it did need this event.   And it is this event that gave us the space and capacity for independence and freedom," he told the BBC.That historically-complicated Irish relationship with the UK now seems set to take a new turn because of the June Brexit referendum result. After the vote, Enda Kenny met several European heads of government to stress Irish concerns as the only EU country with a land border with the UK.The continuation of the Common Travel Area, trade between the two states worth more than €1bn a week were mentioned as priorities along with Northern Ireland and the peace process. In Berlin he said: "It's a fragile entity and cannot be taken for granted.   And for me it's a central part of the negotiations and the discussions that will take place irrespective of the outcome of the Brexit decision. "As we wait for the tides of 2017 to come in, few would disagree with predictions that political instability here, crime and perhaps above all Brexit will be major issues in the coming year.
Earlier this month, NRW estimated the lagoon would mean 21% of salmon and 25% of sea trout dying each year, as they migrate to and from local rivers. Tidal Lagoon Power (TLP) said the claims had no "clear scientific basis". NRW said its figures were based on the "best available evidence" it received. In a briefing note sent to AMs and seen by BBC Wales, TLP disputed NRW's figures and claimed that the regulator refused to share its methodology for calculating them. "Without clear scientific basis NRW has recently published figures based in these 'what if' scenarios despite our request to consider the evidence needed to back them up prior to publication," the briefing said. "These scenarios give unrealistic and grossly misleading impact figures [on fish]," the briefing adds. TLP said that computer modelling carried out by experts on its behalf estimated a "worst case scenario" of the lagoon killing 2% of all species of fish. The Â£1. 3bn Swansea tidal lagoon project is being viewed by the firm as a test bed for much larger and more cost effective versions around the coast, including Cardiff, Newport and Colwyn Bay. UK government ministers are considering the findings of a six-month review of the viability of the scheme, which is yet to be published. Wales' Environment Secretary Lesley Griffiths said the Welsh Government was "very supportive" of the scheme. But she said both it and the industry needed clarity on the UK government's position in the "very, very near future. "NRW said it strongly disagreed with TLP's criticism, which it was "very surprised and disappointed by". Gareth O'Shea, an NRW executive director, said: "We have received a vast amount of evidence on this subject from the applicant and have held detailed discussions with the developer for a year-and-a-half where we have shared a huge amount of information, data and our methodology. "This has been assessed by independent experts and our own technical experts, and we have the utmost confidence that it is the best evidence available to enable us to make the right decision for the environment in Wales, as we are legally bound to do.
The 39-year-old, who goes by the name Mick Fett, was born the year the first film in the series came out. Since the 1990s, Fett has amassed a vast collection of action figures, costumes and other merchandise. His collection fills the five-bedroom home he shares with his girlfriend and is estimated to be worth A$500,000 (Â£300,000; $370,000). "I mentioned that I had some Star Wars stuff when we first got together," he told the BBC. "She was a bit overwhelmed at first and then she sort of adapted. "The suburban house is filled with a life-size Han Solo carbonite statue, priceless vintage toys and a vast collection of creatures from across the galaxy. There's an entire room dedicated to arcade games and even a pod-racer in the backyard.  Only one room does not have Star Wars memorabilia in it - the main bathroom. You might also like:Rogue One receives warm reviewsStar Wars' Rey falls for Mongolia storyThings to know before you see Rogue One"When I'm not dressing up in Star Wars costumes, I wear a uniform," he said. "It's two different worlds.  The guys at work can't believe what I do in my Star Wars time and all my Star Wars friends can't believe I'm a police officer. "The idea to redecorate the Darth Vader costume began when he attended an overseas Star Wars convention. He originally intended to attend the event as a Stormtrooper with an Australian flag cape.  But at the suggestion the idea evolved. "One of my mates said: 'Why don't you go out and spray paint the entire costume?' I thought - instead of doing a Stormtrooper why not Vader?"The Down Under alter ego of the Sith Lord has since become a huge hit - at home and abroad. "I don't know whether Aussie Vader is a villain or a Rebel," he laughed.  "I'm a bit of a Rogue One myself. ""One of my favourite sayings is 'May the Force be with you, mate,'" he said. "The cape is an Australian flag.  I've got beer cans on my belt and blue flames airbrushed onto my helmet and chest piece.  I've even made a custom light-sabre with a didgeridoo handle. "He has already seen the new Star Wars film Rogue One, once at the red carpet premiere and again at a midnight screening with fans. "It definitely beat all my expectations," he said, adding that the latest blockbuster is a great tribute to the original trilogy. "Empire Strikes Back was dark and gritty.  Rogue One has a lot of those elements too.
Jonathan Baines, 44, also known as "Willy", was found dead at a house on Ropery Road, Gainsborough, on 1 August. Pamela McLaggan, 51, of Greystones Road, denied murder but pleaded guilty to manslaughter. Prosecutors accepted her plea.  She was remanded in custody at Lincoln Crown Court ahead of sentencing on 21 December. The court heard Mr Baines had been out for the day at Market Rasen races before returning to Gainsborough and visiting pubs in the town.
Two Diarmuid Murtagh goals helped Connacht lead 2-3 to 0-3 before Aidan Breen replied with an Ulster goal. Damien Comer hit a third Connacht goal as they led 3-6 to 1-10 at half-time before Ulster took control. Despite losing Chrissy McKaigue to a black card, Ulster hit 1-4 without reply, with Charlie Vernon netting. McKaigue was joined in the Ulster squad at Carrick-on-Shannon by his Slaughtneil team-mate Brendan Rogers, despite their upcoming All-Ireland club championship duties. Connacht started strongly with their scorer in chief Murtagh firing their opening goal after 7 minutes and again finding the net two minutes later. Ulster responded well with Fermanagh's Breen finding the net for his provincial for the second time in a week with a 18th-minute goal. Pete McGrath's charges cut the gap to two points twice over the next six minutes, and left the minimum between the sides for the first time, after a Tomas Corrigan score. However, Connacht were causing the Ulster defence problems, with Galway's Comer cutting in for a 28th minute goal, as the hosts led by two at the break. Ulster came fired up on the restart, and despite losing substitute McKaigue to a black card, kept motoring well. Peter Harte and Corrigan added point before Vernon cut through for a goal in a spell which saw Ulster score 1-4 without reply. Connacht could only manage two points from frees in the closing quarter, with Emyln Mulligan and Paul Conroy on target. After the game Ulster captain Eoin Donnelly accepted the cup from GAA President Aogan O Fearghail.
2 January 2017 Last updated at 07:05 GMTNow it's 2017 is and there's plenty going on to look forward to!So to get you ready we here at Newsround have put together a video with loads of stuff for you to look out for.
BBC Sport takes a look at five things you might have missed in the EFL on the last full match day before the festive season. There were six late winning goals in the Championship on Saturday, all with ramifications in the race for promotion and the bid to avoid relegation. Brighton's Glenn Murray headed home in the fifth minute of stoppage time against Birmingham City to ensure the Seagulls will spend Christmas eight points clear of third-placed Reading. Jaap Stam's men had looked like having to settle for a point at Blackburn before George Evans hit an injury-time winner to move them back up to third. Yorkshire rivals Leeds and Sheffield Wednesday ensured they would spend Christmas in the top six thanks to winners in the 89th minute and stoppage time against Brentford and Rotherham respectively. Meanwhile, 23rd-placed Wigan were set to take a point from their home game against Ipswich before David McGoldrick popped up with an 88th-minute winner for Mick McCarthy's men. Match of the day in the second tier must go to Barnsley's 4-3 win at Cardiff.  The Bluebirds led in the third minute before trailing 3-1 at half-time. Peter Whittingham and Antony Pilkington's 89th-minute strike seemed to have given Neil Warnock's side an unlikely point but Ryan Williams scored in the fifth minute of injury time to make it a happy journey back to South Yorkshire for the Tykes. Well, maybe not quite miracles but it's probably fair to say neither Wes Brown nor Isaiah Osbourne would have been fancied by many to get on the scoresheet today. Former Manchester United and Sunderland man Brown, 37, scored on his Blackburn Rovers debut to level the match against the Royals. It counted for nothing in the end thanks to Reading's late winner but it was Brown's first goal since netting for Sunderland in December 2011. Walsall midfielder Osbourne only had to wait a shade over three years to end his scoring drought. The ex-Aston Villa player opened his account for the Saddlers to give them a point against Bradford City. He'll probably be pleased this goal meant a little more than his last one which opened the scoring for Blackpool against Derby in December 2013.  The Rams went on to win 5-1. Yeovil boss Darren Way, assistant Terry Skiverton and the 18-strong match-day squad put £300 behind the bar at Carlisle as a 'thank you' to fans for making the long trek north. "Special mention must go to the supporters because how far they've travelled to watch this game is unbelievable commitment," Way told BBC Somerset. "This is beyond the end of the Earth.  I just hope they feel that the players gave everything and they can be proud of their team. "Travelling Glovers fans certainly seemed appreciative as they tweeted the club with pictures of pies and pints. Sadly for the 96 Yeovil fans who made the 660-mile round trip to Brunton Park, the hosts were not in such a generous mood, with the Cumbrians claiming a 2-1 win. Roll the clock back to 27 September and Bury are celebrating their sixth league win of the season and sit second in League One. The following 16 games have brought a sum total of zero victories and the Shakers have slumped into the relegation zone. David Flitcroft was sacked after presiding over seven consecutive league defeats but replacement Chris Brass, given the job until the end of the season on Thursday, has fared little better, losing his first five matches. Bury twice took the lead at home to Oxford on Saturday but were pegged back on each occasion by a Chris Maguire free-kick before a Greg Leigh own goal gave the U's victory. "We've got to dig in and fight a little bit harder than we are right now to keep the ball out of the net," Brass told BBC Radio Manchester. It's been a tough start to the season for Exeter City and their match-going regulars. Going into today's game against Mansfield, the Grecians had claimed a healthy seven wins away from home but were the only team in the EFL yet to taste success on their own turf. Paul Tisdale's side ended their wait for a win at St James Park, which dated back to April, with a 2-0 win over the Stags thanks to a double from Ollie Watkins. "I'm delighted," Tisdale told BBC Radio Devon.  "It had to come at some point and we did it today.  It was hard work and the boys have deserved it against a really strong team. "They put us under pressure in the second half and in many respects outplayed us but we stuck to it and 2-0 is a great feeling. "Take part in our new Premier League Predictor game, which allows you to create leagues with friends.
Livi's 2-0 win over their nearest challengers came courtesy of goals from Dale Carrick and Nicky Cadden. Brechin City moved above Alloa Athletic and to within a point of second place by beating Stranraer, with the Wasps drawing with Queen's Park. East Fife won Barry Smith's first match in charge against Peterhead and bottom side Stenhousemuir beat Albion Rovers. Carrick's shot gave Livi an early lead at home to the Diamonds and Cadden's late strike sealed the win for David Hopkin's side. At Glebe Park, Ally Love fired Brechin ahead on the quarter-hour and that lead was doubled by Connor McLennan's free-kick before half-time. Stranraer had Steven Bell sent off in the second half for two bookings. Queen's Park went ahead away to Alloa through Ross Millen's 62nd-minute shot, but the hosts were level within seven minutes through Greig Spence's strike. The Fifers moved out of the bottom two after scoring two second-half goals against Peterhead, Jason Kerr then Kevin O'Hara firing in. Smith's side were replaced in ninth by Stranraer, who are only two points ahead of Stenny. Willis Furtado's strike gave the Ochilview side a narrow home win.
He has named several players with problems in his preliminary 24-man squad, including Charles Kaboré, Préjuce Nakoulma, Jonathan Pitroipa and Bertrand Traoré. "I am confident they can recover in time," Duarte insisted. The squad is due to begin a training camp on 27 December. Bakary Koné is another player from the 2013 squad that finished as runners-up in South Africa who has an injury concern. Injury has ruled out Aziz Kabore, who plays for Valenciennes in France, while there is a first call-up for Blati Toure. The 22-year-old was born in Ivory Coast, played as a junior in Spain but is now at Omonia Nicosia of Cyprus. "Blati Touré is a player I adore.  I've watched him since he was at Evian TG I France but I was told he was Ivorian, but he called me to assure me he is 100 percent Burkinabe," Duarte explained. "He hasn't yet trained with us but he is player with the quality to make a positive addition. "Also included are the uncapped Morocco-based Ernest Aboubacar Congo, called up last month for the first time for last month's World Cup qualifier against the Cape Verde Islands, and Issoumaila Lingane of Hapoel Ashkelon in Israel. Besides Aziz Kabore, the most significant absence is first choice goalkeeper Daouda Diakite, who was seriously injured three months ago playing for AS Vita Club in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The Stallions will leave Ouagadougou on 27 December to train in Marrakech where they play a Morocco B team on 4 January and Mali a few days later. Burkina Faso meet Cameroon in Libreville in their first Group A game on the opening day of the Nations Cup finals on 14 January. Squad:Goalkeepers: Germain Sanou (Beauvais, France), Hervé Koffi (ASEC Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire), Aboubacar Sawadogo (RC Kadiogo)Defenders: Ernest Aboubacar Congo (IZK Khemisset, Morocco), Yacouba Coulibaly (RC Kadiogo), Youssoufou Dayo (RCB Berkane, Morocco), Bakary Koné (Malaga, Spain), Patrick Malo (Smouha, Egypt), Issouf Paro (Santos, South Africa), Steeve Yago (Toulouse, France)Midfielders: Cyrille Bayala (Sheriff Tiraspol, Moldova), Adama Guira (Racing Lens, France), Charles Kaboré (FC Krasnodar, Russia), Prejuce Nakoulma (Kayserispor, Turkey), Jonathan Pitroipa (Al Nasr, United Arab Emirates), Bakary Sare (Moreirense, Portugal), Blati Toure (Omonia Nicosia, Cyprus), Abdou Razack Traore (Karabukspor, Turkey), Alain Traore (Kayserispor, Turkey), Jonathan Zongo (Almeria, Spain)Forwards: Aristide Bance (Asec Mimosas, Ivory Coast), Banou Diawara (Smouha, Egypt), Issoumaila Lingane (Hapoel Ashkelon, Israel), Bertrand Traore (Ajax Amsterdam, Netherlands).
I remember to this day the feeling of freezing rain blinding me and the extreme cold wind causing my ears to hurt. However, that did not bother me at this time.  What was the occasion? Well, this was Hogmanay and the boys of the township were carrying out the traditional ritual of going from house to house on this special evening. What is the tradition behind it? It is widely thought that some of these island traditions came from the Vikings who were settlers in the Western Isles in particular, during past times.  To be honest, that did not matter to me.  I was out and about having fun. This traditional event, which happened in the Uists throughout the centuries, was also practised in many other places, but with differences in format depending on where you lived. On these nights it was the young males that went round the township with permission given to boys as young as five to go out with the big boys.  The upper age limit was normally 17. My township was North Boisdale and I would say there were about 25 houses to visit and a few not so friendly dogs to dodge. The start time was 19:00 and all the boys would meet up at one end of the township and begin to visit each house.  Each person had a pillow case or bag that would be filled with goodies received from householders. As you walked between each house the boys would shout in Gaelic "Hogmanay and New Year Hooray".  This alerted the folk, especially on a clear calm night, that the Hogmanay boys were on their way. Outside each house one person would recite the Hogmanay poem and at the end of the poem ask the man of the house for permission to enter. Once inside the house a candle would be lit by the eldest boy in the group and then the candle would be passed round all family members starting with the householder. There was superstition involved with this as it was thought that when the candle was being circled above each individual's head, if the candle was to go out it meant that individual would have a year of bad luck. Of course jokers within the family would try and blow the candle out when this was taking place. Once every member of the family had been passed the candle, the mother of the house would bring out the gifts.  Loafs of bread, sugar, fruit, biscuits and of course sweets.  Sometimes folk would offer meat or fish. The man of the house would give money, as would older males in the family.  Older men in the township would offer a dram to the senior boys, which would of course be refused. On leaving each house the oldest boy in the group would wish luck on the family for the coming year. After being to each house the pillowcases would be full and heavy and it was at the last house that the fun began.  The pillowcases would be emptied and the goods shared out evenly. It did not matter how old you were - the boys all got their share.  The hosting house would also provide a small party that would finish before midnight so all the boys were home before the bells. On the way home the blinding rain or freezing conditions did not bother me as I now had a pillowcase full of goodies, a full belly, and money in my pocket.  A great start to the New Year. Dr Ragnhild Ljosland, a lecturer at Centre for Nordic Studies in Orkney, confirms the Hogmanay Boys tradition has connections to Norse culture. She says: "As a child in Norway in the 1980s, I remember dressing up to gÃ¥ julebukk (go Yule-goating). "Julebukk involves putting on a mask and going to people's doors to chase Christmas out around New Year.  You sing and carry a sack to collect cakes and sweeties - ah, the joy of ending up with a huge sack of goodies. "If we go a couple of hundred years further back in time, Norwegian people used to walk in a group around the farms in the parish, dressed up so that nobody would recognise them. "These costumes could be rather frightening and represent fantastical animals, such as an effigy of a billygoat's head on a stick.  The guisers would be offered food and drink at each farm. "These customs are extremely old, going back to pre-Christian beliefs. "Folk belief had it that supernatural beings were extra active at this time of year. "Interestingly, similar traditions are also found in Iceland, the Faroes, Shetland and Orkney.  In Shetland today, for example, guisers travel around and are offered food and drink at Up Helly Aa in January.
They ruled that Attorney General John Larkin QC's bid came too late. Mr Larkin sought to refer the verdict against Ashers bakery to the UK's highest court under devolution issues. In October, the Appeal Court upheld a ruling against the bakery's Christian owners that their refusal to make a cake iced with the slogan "Support Gay Marriage" was discriminatory. A long-running legal battle ensued when customer Gareth Lee sued after his order was declined at the company's Belfast city centre shop in May 2014. The gay rights activist had requested a cake depicting Sesame Street characters Bert and Ernie with the slogan for an event to mark International Day Against Homophobia. Bakery bosses refunded his money for the order because the message went against their Christian faith. The McArthur family, who run the firm, insist their problem was with the cake and not the customer but Mr Lee claimed he was left feeling like a lesser person. Last week, lawyers for the bakery were formally refused leave to appeal to the Supreme Court, though the McArthur family can now petition directly for a hearing in London. Mr Larkin backed the family's case but his attempt to invoke his powers has now been rejected. He was intending to ask the Supreme Court to rule on issues related to devolution. Lord Chief Justice Sir Declan Morgan ruled in the Court of Appeal that this step came after the case had ended. "We do not consider there are exceptional circumstances in this case which require us to re-open proceedings," he said.
James Collins had the best chance of the first half, dinking over for the visitors when through one-on-one. The Pilgrims went ahead when David Fox's cross was not suitably cleared and fell to Threlkeld to finish. Crawley's Jordan Roberts forced Luke McCormick into a diving save, but Tanner netted on the counter late on. Doncaster's draw at Mansfield means Argyle are now two points clear at the summit and six games unbeaten, while Dermot Drummy's side drop to 15th. The Red Devils were led by assistant boss Matt Gray at Home Park, as Drummy did not travel to Devon due to illness. Match ends, Plymouth Argyle 2, Crawley Town 0. Second Half ends, Plymouth Argyle 2, Crawley Town 0. Goal!  Plymouth Argyle 2, Crawley Town 0.  Craig Tanner (Plymouth Argyle) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the top left corner.  Assisted by Jake Jervis. Yann Songo'o (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Enzio Boldewijn (Crawley Town). Foul by Craig Tanner (Plymouth Argyle). Lewis Young (Crawley Town) wins a free kick on the right wing. Attempt saved.  Jordan Roberts (Crawley Town) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Foul by Craig Tanner (Plymouth Argyle). Lewis Young (Crawley Town) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Craig Tanner (Plymouth Argyle). Josh Yorwerth (Crawley Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Substitution, Crawley Town.  Sanchez Watt replaces Josh Payne. Attempt saved.  James Collins (Crawley Town) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Jimmy Smith (Crawley Town) is shown the yellow card. Nauris Bulvitis (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by James Collins (Crawley Town). Foul by Jake Jervis (Plymouth Argyle). Joe McNerney (Crawley Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Sonny Bradley (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by James Collins (Crawley Town). Substitution, Crawley Town.  Bobson Bawling replaces Mark Connolly. Connor Smith (Plymouth Argyle) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Connor Smith (Plymouth Argyle). Enzio Boldewijn (Crawley Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Plymouth Argyle.  Connor Smith replaces Jordan Slew. Jordan Slew (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Mark Connolly (Crawley Town). Ben Purrington (Plymouth Argyle) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Ben Purrington (Plymouth Argyle). Enzio Boldewijn (Crawley Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. James Collins (Crawley Town) is shown the yellow card. Substitution, Plymouth Argyle.  Nauris Bulvitis replaces Paul Garita. Oscar Threlkeld (Plymouth Argyle) is shown the yellow card for excessive celebration. Goal!  Plymouth Argyle 1, Crawley Town 0.  Oscar Threlkeld (Plymouth Argyle) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Lewis Young (Crawley Town) is shown the yellow card. Corner,  Plymouth Argyle.  Conceded by Lewis Young. Substitution, Crawley Town.  Kaby replaces Billy Clifford. Foul by Paul Garita (Plymouth Argyle). Jordan Roberts (Crawley Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
The move comes after the Security Council adopted a resolution demanding an end to Israeli settlement building on occupied land. The resolution was passed after the US refused to veto it, breaking with long-standing American practice. Washington has traditionally sheltered Israel from condemnatory resolutions. Blame and bitterness keeping peace at bayMr Netanyahu insists that Israel will not abide by Friday's vote at the 15-member UN Security Council, which was welcomed by Palestinian leaders. "I instructed the Foreign Ministry to complete within a month a re-evaluation of all our contacts with the United Nations, including the Israeli funding of UN institutions and the presence of UN representatives in Israel," he said. He described the Security Council decision as "biased and shameful", adding: "It will take time, but this decision will be annulled. "The Egyptian-drafted resolution had been withdrawn after Israel asked US President-elect Donald Trump to intervene, but it was proposed again by Malaysia, New Zealand, Senegal and Venezuela. The resolution, approved by 14 votes to zero, with only the US abstaining, demands that Israel immediately "cease all settlement activities in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem". It says Jewish settlements are a "flagrant violation under international law and a major obstacle to the achievement of the two-state solution and a just, lasting and comprehensive peace". Israel earlier announced that its ambassadors to New Zealand and Senegal had been ordered to return for consultations and that it was cutting all aid programmes to Senegal. Israel has no diplomatic ties with Malaysia and Venezuela. The issue is one of the most contentious between Israel and the Palestinians. About 500,000 Jews live in about 140 settlements built since Israel's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem.  The settlements are considered illegal under international law, though Israel disputes this. A spokesman for Mr Abbas said: "The Security Council resolution is a big blow to Israeli policy, a unanimous international condemnation of settlements and a strong support for the two-state solution. "The Palestinian ambassador to the UN, Riyad Mansour said: "The Council's action, while long overdue, is timely, necessary and important. "The US envoy to the UN, Samantha Power, said the resolution reflected the "facts on the ground" that settlement growth had been accelerating. "The settlement problem has gotten so much worse that it is threatening the two-state solution," she said. Criticising Mr Netanyahu, she said: "One cannot simultaneously champion expanding settlements and champion a two-state solution that would end the conflict. "However, she said the US had not voted in favour of the resolution because it was "too narrowly focused" on settlements. Meanwhile, Mr Trump, who will be inaugurated on 20 January, tweeted after the vote: "As to the UN, things will be different after Jan.  20th. "On Thursday, Mr Trump had urged the council to reject the motion.
The game was given the go-ahead after several pitch inspections, and Justin Tipuric's fine try put Ospreys 7-0 up at half-time. The mud-caked conditions hindered both sides but it was the visitors who adapted best and made fewest mistakes. Dan Biggar's late penalty sealed the victory for the visitors. As referee Ian Davies conducted his pre-match pitch inspection, Ospreys players and coaches seemed unhappy with the prospect of playing on such a sodden surface - on which football team Newport County had played less than 24 hours earlier. But having won their last six matches in all competitions, the visitors entered this fixture with confidence and settled into an early groove with their forwards carrying diligently and full-back Sam Davies dominating the kicking exchanges. Media playback is not supported on this deviceIt was a loose Dragons kick which led to the opening score, as Tom Habberfield sparked an Ospreys counter-attack and, via an offload from the impressive blindside flanker Olly Cracknell, freed openside Tipuric to sprint clear for the first try. Cracknell and the rest of the Ospreys pack seemed to relish the old-fashioned tussle in the mud, keeping things simple with ball in hand and restricting Dragons to just one shot at goal - a missed Angus O'Brien penalty - during a tight first half. The second followed in the same vein, with the visitors' pragmatic and well-executed game-plan in contrast to that of the increasingly error-strewn Dragons. The hosts were guilty of kicking the ball straight into touch on a number of occasions, and their inability to keep possession saw them pinned back in their own half for long periods. Another Dragons mistake - Ollie Griffiths entering a ruck from the side - then presented Biggar with a straightforward penalty to seal the Ospreys' victory and deny their opponents a losing bonus point. The Ospreys have now won 28 of the 30 Welsh derbies they have participated in. Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy told BBC Wales Sport: "We're satisfied to get the win.  Conditions were horrific. "We found a way to win.  It was only 10-0 but I think it was relatively comfortable. "Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones told BBC Wales Sport: "It's a disappointed changing room.  The frustration is we did well in many aspects of the game. "I thought in the second half the Ospreys kicked a lot but they came here to do a job.  It was a clinical job by them and unfortunately we weren't quite as clinical. "The difference in winning and losing high-level games is forcing errors but unfortunately we made four or five too many unforced errors. "Dragons: Carl Meyer, Pat Howard, Tyler Morgan, Sam Beard, Ashton Hewitt, Angus O'Brien, Tavis Knoyle; Phil Price, Elliot Dee, Brok Harris, Nick Crosswell, Cory Hill, Lewis Evans (c), Ollie Griffiths, Ed Jackson. Replacements: Rhys Buckley, Sam Hobbs, Lloyd Fairbrother, Matthew Screech, Rynard Landman, Sarel Pretorius, Dorian Jones, Adam Warren. Ospreys: Sam Davies, Hanno Dirksen, Kieron Fonotia, Josh Matavesi, Dan Evans, Dan Biggar, Tom Habberfield, Paul James, Scott Baldwin, Ma'afu Fia, Lloyd Ashley, Alun Wyn Jones (c), Olly Cracknell, Justin Tipuric, James King. Replacements: Sam Parry, Nicky Smith, Rhodri Jones, Rory Thornton, Rob McCusker, Sam Underhill, Brendon Leonard, Jonathan Spratt. Referee: Ian Davies (WRU). Assistant referees: Simon Rees (WRU), Gwyn Morris (WRU). TMO: Neil Hennessy (WRU).
Shanghai have signed the Argentina forward, 32, from Boca Juniors but no details were given over the contract. Shanghai, coached by ex-Brighton boss Gus Poyet, are reported to have agreed a deal worth £40m for Tevez including a salary in excess of £310,000 a week. Boca Juniors said: "Good luck Carlitos.  You will always be in our hearts. "Tevez played for seven years in the Premier League and won the title with both Manchester clubs. He also lifted the Champions League trophy with United in 2008 before joining Juventus in 2013, where he won two Italian championships. On 23 December Chelsea agreed terms with Shanghai SIPG for Brazil midfielder Oscar, 25, in a move that is estimated to cost £60m. Take part in our new Premier League Predictor game, which allows you to create leagues with friends.
The Waking the Dragon tower was granted permission by Wrexham council back in February 2011. Businessman Simon Wingett is trying to raise £2. 5m to build the bronze sculpture, cultural centre and gardens at Chirk Park. Councillors are expected to grant the extension at a meeting on Tuesday. The 23. 5m (77ft)-high dragon with wings spanning 57m (187ft) would stand on top of a 41. 5m (147ft) tower at the former colliery site. Mr Wingett has said the sculpture will rival other well-known landmarks such as the Angel of the North, but time is running out on planning permission for the project granted back in 2011. He hopes to raise £1m for the visitor attraction from the public, with the rest of the cash raised through loans from Finance Wales and grants from the Welsh Government. In a report to the council's planning committee, officers say the development would be a "significant tourism draw to the area". Councillors are recommended to approve the extension allowing Mr Wingett five more years to commence building at the site.
German state prosecutors said they had found the man's number on the phone of Anis Amri, who killed 12 people by ramming a lorry into market shoppers. Amri was shot dead by police in Milan early last Friday, four days on from the attack.  The 24-year-old Tunisian had opened fire, wounding one. Amri had links to known Islamists. German prosecutors say a video in which Amri pledges allegiance to so-called Islamic State (IS) is genuine. Government officials have said the lorry's automatic braking system may have prevented the loss of more lives on 19 December. The system kicks in when it senses an impact and this may have cut the hijacker's rampage short. Frauke Koehler, spokesperson for the federal prosecutor's office, said "further investigations revealed that the detained man was not a contact person of Anis Amri's, therefore he had to be released". She said the pistol found on Amri when he was shot dead by Italian police last week had the same calibre as the one that killed the Polish driver whose truck Amri hijacked. Lukasz Urban, 37, was killed by a gunshot to the head - apparently before the lorry was driven into the Christmas crowd at Breitscheidplatz, in central Berlin.  His body was found in the cabin, after Amri had fled. Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni told a news conference there was no evidence that Amri had any "particular networks" in Italy. He was probably radicalised after arriving in Italy in 2011, Mr Gentiloni said. Investigators are trying to piece together Amri's movements after the Berlin attack, when he was subject to a European arrest warrant. There are indications that he travelled to Nijmegen in the Netherlands on 21 December and then took an overnight bus from Amsterdam to Lyon in France. Then he took a train to Chambery in the French Alps, changed trains, and reached Milan.  He was stopped by police in the early hours of 23 December near Milan's Sesto San Giovanni station.
The Rugby Football League revealed a consortium was considering a formal bid for the financially-troubled Bulls with a sale expected after Christmas. That, however, has been rejected and the RFL and administrator remain in talks over the future of the club. Bradford, who were last in Super League back in 2014, entered administration on 14 November.
Llandeilo residents have been demanding action for more than 40 years. It suffers from heavy congestion as lorries squeeze through the main street and air pollution levels have been found to exceed national standards. The Welsh Government said construction should start by the end of 2019 and will take two years to complete. Last week, it announced £50m funding for the route as part of £83m earmarked for transport in the budget. The town's main street on the A483 is currently used as a route from Swansea to join the A40 to the Midlands. Economy Secretary Ken Skates said: "We now expect to see shovels in the ground by the end of 2019 and anticipate the road being open two years later. "Alongside our commitment to delivering the major improvements to the M4, A55, A40 and A494, I'm determined to ensure that our infrastructure improvements leave no-one behind.
Once Kyle Abbott dismissed Sri Lanka captain Angelo Mathews for 59 in the third over of the day in Port Elizabeth, the tone was set. Abbott (2-38), Kagiso Rabada (3-77) and Keshav Maharaj (3-86) all played their part as they went 1-0 up in the series. Stephen Cook's second-innings 117 had set the home side up for the win. South Africa are on track for a third-straight series win after losing their number one ranking at the start of the year. The second game in the three-match series starts in Cape Town on 2 January.
Curtis and assistant manager Paul Williams will take charge of Saturday's match against Bournemouth after Bob Bradley's sacking. Swansea want to appoint their new boss as soon as possible, with ex-Derby manager Paul Clement the first choice. "We've got to go with somebody who will to get us out of trouble," he said. "If we were to go down - and there's obviously that possibility - you look at the Championship and it seems to have got a lot stronger.  It's not a foregone conclusion [to go straight back up]. "I know Norwich and Burnley have done it but it's difficult.  Newcastle look like they'll do it but they're a big, powerful club who can hang on to a lot of their top players.  I'm not sure we'd be able to do that. "If we go down, it's going to be tough to get back. "Swansea were promoted to the Premier League in 2011 and quickly established a reputation as a well-run club with a team that played exciting, possession-based football. Their promotion capped a remarkable rise from the brink of bankruptcy a decade earlier and almost being relegated out of the Football League altogether in 2003. Curtis - a former player who was at the club throughout their rise up the divisions - believes the Swans have not been the same since Michael Laudrup left in 2014. "I think we have [lost our way].  It's just the change of management all the time," Curtis added. "The best eras were Roberto Martinez, Brendan Rodgers and Michael Laudrup.  But we've probably lost a bit of the 'Swansea Way'.  It has been diluted. "We've lost quite a few players too but have we adequately replaced them?"Media playback is not supported on this deviceCurtis believes the current Swansea squad is good enough to stay up, and the 62-year-old reminds every new signing of how far the club has come. "I know a lot of the foreign boys have seen [the documentary] Jack to a King.  So they've got a brief history of where we were and where we are now," he said. "They might not be 100% passionate about it but they know where we came from and how important it is [to stay up].  Not just for the club but for the whole area.
On 11 January, 32-year-old Whittingham will have been with the Bluebirds a decade, but his latest deal in the Welsh capital runs out in the summer. It looks certain Whittingham will commit his future to the Bluebirds by signing a new contract. "We'll talk about that before the FA Cup probably," said Warnock. Cardiff face Fulham in the third round of the FA Cup on Sunday, 8 December, but before that, on Monday 2 January, the Bluebirds entertain Whittingham's former club, Aston Villa in the Championship. Back in 2007, then-Cardiff boss Dave Jones, bought Whittingham from Villa for a fee of £350,000. Since then, the dead-ball specialist has established himself as one of the most popular players ever to pull on a Cardiff shirt. He has been named in the Championship Team of the Season three times and, in 2015, he was included in the Football League Team of the Decade. Whittingham also finished joint-top scorer in the Championship in the 2009-10 campaign having found the net 20 times in the league for the Bluebirds. During his time with Cardiff, Whittingham has turned down the chance of a move away from the Welsh club. This season he is currently the club's joint-top scorer in the league having found the net five times so far. But despite that, Warnock says he will not be rushed into a new contract to keep the midfielder. "That's the least of my worries at the minute.  I haven't sorted my own [contract] out yet, let alone Peter's," joked Warnock. "Peter knows, I've said to him, 'you'll be here as long as me Peter' and he laughed and said, I know, that's what worries me. "No, we've got a few days [before the Fulham game] then we've got no league points to worry about so we'll probably have a chat during that period.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceSaints captain Anderson claims he was punched by Kiernan during last week's 1-1 draw between the sides. "It was a corner and he caught me in the ribs.  It was a clear punch on me," Anderson said after the match. The Scottish FA disciplinary hearing regarding the incident at McDiarmid Park will take place on 12 January. Anderson said that Kiernan, who was free to play in Saturday's defeat by Celtic, deserved any punishment that may arise from the incident. "You can't do that in football games," he said.  "I'm not bothered, but if it gets highlighted then he deserves it. "Rangers manager Mark Warburton, however, defended Kiernan. "There's nothing in that," he said.  "I've watched it again - it's a push. "If you punish that, there will be more judicial panels than you could possibly imagine.
Martin, 28, has scored seven goals in 17 appearances for Fulham in the Championship this term. He "made himself unavailable" for Friday's abandoned game at Reading, but Jokanovic insisted he would stay. "I'm not going to send him back to Derby - he's going to stay with us and respect the contract," said Jokanovic. "He stopped in training, but I have information from the medical staff that he is available to play.  He decided to take a day off. "He continued to BBC Radio London: "We're not a train station, you can't come in and out when you want.  We need to respect ourselves, we are the oldest London club. "I don't know if he will play for Fulham, but I'm sure he's not going to play for Derby. "Earlier this month, Derby manager Steve McClaren said he was surprised Martin was allowed to leave the club under previous boss Nigel Pearson.
The 24-year-old was under contract with the Stags, but Marcus Bignot's side have reached an agreement to bring him in on a free transfer. He spent the first half of the season on loan at Crawley, scoring three goals in 23 appearances. The ex-Burton player will officially join on 1 January and becomes Bignot's first signing for the Mariners.
Friends and family of Yassar Yaqub, 28, from Huddersfield, laid flowers and displayed a banner in his memory. He was shot when police stopped a car near junction 24 of the M62 on Monday evening. Traffic on the motorway slowed as about 100 people, including the dead man's parents, gathered near the site to lay flowers and light candles. Mohammed Yaqub, Yassar's father said he felt his son was "killed unlawfully". He said: "He hasn't got a bad past, because he's never been convicted of anything. "He's never had a charge of him at all.  We had a car business, by the way, so all sorts of cars come and go. ""I want answers, full answers, nothing but the truth. "How can you kill someone like this, at a time like this, without giving him a chance to get out or anything? We're not in America, we're not in third-world countries. "We'd like to be left to mourn. "Balloons were released into the night sky and the gathering was "very peaceful and respectful" said BBC reporter Ian White, who was at the scene. The police operation is being investigated by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC). In 2010, Mr Yaqub was cleared of attempted murder and a firearms offence after it was alleged that he opened fire on a car in Birkby Hall Road, Huddersfield. Earlier, Bradford West Labour MP Naz Shah appealed for calm after the shooting sparked a protest. On Tuesday evening, protesters carrying banners reading "stop the killings" brought traffic to a halt in Leeds Road, Bradford. Writing on Facebook, Ms Shah said: "I urge our community to remain calm and respect the wishes of the family who have lost their loved one and have appealed for calm and privacy during this very difficult time. "Two men arrested as part of the police operation on Monday have been released on bail, while three more remain in custody. An Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) spokesman said what appeared to be a "non-police issue firearm" was discovered in the vehicle in which Mr Yaqub was travelling. West Yorkshire Police said officers attended Leeds Road at about 19:15 GMT to "facilitate a peaceful protest and to provide public reassurance". A force spokesman said: "Police empathise with the heightened tensions and engaged with protestors to appeal for calm. "A spokesman for Mr Yaqub's family said they were "in shock, and distraught" by his death. Nadeem Murtuja, chairman of campaign group Just Yorkshire, said: "There is a great deal of disquiet in the community about the death of Mr Yaqub. "It is crucial that both his family and the Huddersfield community are kept informed about the conduct of the investigation and the events that led to the fatal shooting. "Five men were arrested on suspicion of possessing firearm with intent to cause fear during the police operation, including three following the M62 operation and two following a vehicle stop in the Chain Bar area of Bradford. A police spokeswoman said three of the men remain in police custody while two men, aged 26 and 30, have been released on bail pending further enquiries. Meanwhile officers have raided "a number of locations" linked to the operation, including a flat at Park Wood Mills in Longwood, Huddersfield. The force said the searches are part of a wider investigation.
She was discovered by soldiers investigating suspected members of Islamist militant group Boko Haram. Nigeria's military said the young woman is undergoing medical checks. A total of 276 schoolgirls were kidnapped by Boko Haram from the town of Chibok in April 2014.  About 200 of them are still in captivity. More than 20 were released in October in a deal brokered by the International Red Cross.  Others have escaped or been rescued. Over Christmas, 21 of the young women freed under the October deal returned home for the first time. However, family members told the BBC that they were kept in a politician's house and barred from going to their family homes. A statement from the office of state governor Kashim Shettima acknowledged that "armed soldiers. . .  escorted the 21 girls to Chibok and remain their strict guards throughout Christmas". Who are Boko Haram?Chibok girls 'denied family Christmas'Torment of a freed Boko Haram 'bride'Prior to this, the girls had reportedly been held in a secret location for debriefing by the Nigerian government. Two weeks ago, Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari said the army had driven Boko Haram's militants from the last camp in their Sambisa forest stronghold in north-eastern Nigeria. "The terrorists are on the run and no longer have a place to hide," Mr Buhari said in a statement. Boko Haram has killed 15,000 people and displaced over two million during its seven-year battle to create an Islamic caliphate in the north-east of the country.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceTwo-time double Olympic champion Sir Mo Farah struggled on the Holyrood Park course, finishing in seventh. Turkey's Yasemin Can, representing Europe, won the women's race, while Britain's Harriet Knowles-Jones claimed the junior women's title. Captain Laura Muir anchored Britain to victory in the 4x1km mixed relay. The team event was won by USA, with Europe second and Great Britain third. Hawkins, 24, led for most of the men's race until he was passed in the final 15m by Kenyan-born Korir, who won in a time of 24 minutes three seconds. "I put everything in to dropping him but he was the stronger man at the end," the Scot told BBC Sport. Newly knighted Farah, 33, finished 46 seconds adrift of Korir, with 2016 champion Garrett Heath of the United States in sixth. "It was a hard day at the office," Farah told BBC Sport.  "I'm a little bit behind where I would usually be at this stage of the season. "But I'm not panicking this early on in the year - I've got to get ready for London 2017. "With Farah out of contention early on in the 8km race, Hawkins took the initiative to break clear with Korir and Heath, before the latter faded. Hawkins, who finished ninth in the marathon at last summer's Olympics in Rio, repeatedly tried to drop Korir on the small rises around the course and appeared to have a winning gap coming into the final straight. But Korir, who finished 14th in the 10,000m final in Rio, won by Farah, had the greater kick in the final sprint to surge past the Scot and claim the title. "I was really tired at the end and he just wouldn't leave me alone," joked Hawkins, who will run in the marathon at this summer's World Championships in London. After breaking the 25-year-old British indoor 5,000m record on Wednesday, Muir produced a stellar final lap to secure Britain victory in the invitational Stewart Cup 4x1km mixed relay. Muir took the baton from James West level with USA but quickly surged clear as Britain won in a time of 11 minutes, 10 seconds, with the first two legs run by James Bowness and Charlene Thomas respectively. "In my role as captain I wanted to put out a good job for the team and when I saw the others placing well I had to bring it home for them," Muir told BBC Sport. "I wasn't used to being the one to watch but I'm there now and it's great - people are recognising that I'm running fast and I want to keep it that way. "Elsewhere, Kenyan-born runner Can dominated the women's 6km event to win in a time of 20 minutes 36 seconds, with Ireland's Fionnuala McCormack, also racing for Europe, 21 seconds adrift in second. Noah Affolder of the United States won the junior men's race, with Scott Beattie the highest-placed Briton in eighth.
The fact that the government is no longer even the biggest shareholder marks an important return to near normality. Since 2013, the government stake has been sold off at first in a couple of big chunks and then in a gradual trickle and so this moment was bound to happen at some stage. The government still owns nearly 6%, but global investor Blackrock now eclipses that and Lloyds is on trajectory to return to full private ownership later this year when taxpayers should recoup all the money they put in. It hasn't been an easy ride.   The huge compensation costs of PPI mis-selling and intermittent market turbulence have hampered and delayed the process, but Lloyds, while not risk-free, can be considered pretty much out of the woods. As a plain vanilla UK savings and lending bank, Lloyds was always going to be an easier bank to fix than RBS which is still about 71% owned by the taxpayer. As a global bank with fingers in most of the pies that got burnt during the crisis, RBS has paid out over Â£50bn in fines and compensation and has its biggest reckoning yet to come. It is still facing a bill from US authorities which could end up in the double digit billions for its role in the subprime mis-selling scandal that started the whole financial crisis in the first place. While those negotiations could come to a head as early as this week (watch out for separate blog on this), RBS won't reach the point Lloyds did today for many, many years to come.
Initial signs suggested Andrey Malanin, 55, died of natural causes, but police said they were investigating the death. Greek media said Mr Malanin had failed to report for work on Monday and did not answer his phone.  He lived alone on a heavily guarded street. Russian officials confirmed the consul's death. The Proto Tema website said colleagues accompanied by police went round to the apartment to check on Mr Malanin but found the door locked from the inside. He was found lying on his bedroom floor.  Police said the body had no visible injuries and there had been no obvious break-in. Moscow's ambassador to neighbouring Turkey, Andrei Karlov, was assassinated in December, apparently in protest at Russian involvement in the bombardment of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
A warning by DUP minister Paul Givan that about 34,000 homes in Northern Ireland could miss out on Â£91m set aside to mitigate the effects of the "bedroom tax" over four years makes the front page of the Belfast Telegraph. Mr Givan said he could not release the Â£24m pledged to help claimants this year, as legally he needed the agreement of the executive. Inside the newspaper, former Irish prime minister Bertie Ahern says he believes Arlene Foster and Martin McGuinness never gelled in their joint ministerial role.  He adds that from his own experience "personalities matter in a coalition government and if there is fundamental mistrust, a breach becomes harder and harder to avoid". SDLP leader Colum Eastwood has told The Irish News that the British and Irish governments should jointly run Northern Ireland if power-sharing collapses. He says if an executive cannot be created after an election "the only acceptable deal for the nationalist community is joint authority". The News Letter includes Mrs Foster's warning of a "brutal" election and the expectation by her DUP colleague Sir Jeffrey Donaldson that a prolonged period of direct rule from Westminster is likely. "Pull Back From Abyss" is the strong headline across two pages in the Daily Mirror, above quotes from Northern Ireland Secretary James Brokenshire describing the political situation as "grave". The destruction of eight biomass boilers and 14 tonnes of woodchip in a fire at a County Fermanagh construction firm is the other story making the front page of The Irish News. It is not clear whether the boilers at the premises outside Enniskillen had been operating with subsidies from the controversial Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme. The News Letter leads with the PSNI's public apology to the family of murdered prison officer David Black, after it emerged a man charged in connection with the killing has not been seen since November. Senior detectives visited the family on Tuesday to say sorry for the "stress and worry" the episode had caused them and pledged a review to ensure bail checks were "robust". The Daily Mirror's front page concentrates on the nine-year-old boy who was critically injured after he was knocked down in Liscolman, near Bushmills. The boy was taken to the Causeway Hospital before being transferred to the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast.  A man in his 70s was arrested, but has since been released on police bail.
The 29-year-old, who plays on the right side of midfield, joins Carrick from Mid Ulster League side Crewe United. In addition to his stint at Crusaders, McAllister has also had spells with other Irish League clubs Ards, Ballymena United and Donegal Celtic. McAllister is Carrick's eighth signing during the current transfer window with Aaron Smyth and Kyle McVey already among the arrivals. Carrick face Ballinamallard United in the Irish Premiership on Friday night after taking just two points from their last six games.
The 25-year-old Spaniard agreed an initial three-year deal with the Whites last summer after moving to Craven Cottage from Rayo Vallecano. However, he has not made a first-team appearance for the Championship club since October. Celta are ninth in La Liga and will face Ukrainian side Shakhtar Donetsk in the last 32 of the Europa League. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here.
The bridge fell on to the London-bound carriageway of the motorway just after midday on Saturday 27 August. The man from Darlington has been issued with a summons to appear before Maidstone magistrates on 17 February. He will face charges of dangerous driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving. He will also face three counts of criminal damage. A motorcyclist suffered broken ribs when the bridge came down.   No one died. The collapse happened between junctions four and three, near the junction with the M26 which links the M25 London orbital with the M20. The road, which is the main route to the Channel Tunnel and Port of Dover, had to be closed while two large cranes worked to clear the debris. The road was closed again the following weekend for the remains of the partially collapsed pedestrian bridge to be removed.
Andrew Shinnie, James Keatings and Chris Humphrey banged in three goals inside 13 first-half minutes. The Midlothian junior side had a moment to celebrate when Dean Hoskins converted a penalty. The one-way traffic continued in the second half with Jason Cummings scoring twice, while Lewis Stevenson, Keatings and Jordon Forster were also on target. The opening 10 minutes were evenly matched but a goalkeeping error gifted Hibs their opener and it encouraged the Leith side to go on a three-goal blitz at the home of their arch-rivals Hearts. Shinnie's 22-yard shot looked like it would be dealt with comfortably by Michael Andrews, but the low effort squirmed through his grasp and into the bottom right corner. Bonnyrigg's 5000-strong support remained noisy before Keatings' delightful strike into the top left corner punctured their enthusiasm.  Goalkeeper Andrews could do nothing about that one and all of a sudden the pressure was on the underdogs not to fold, but a third Hibs goal followed soon after. Andrews palmed Stevenson's low shot into the path of Humphrey for the winger to stroke home an easy first goal of his Hibs career. Manager Robbie Horn signalled to his players to be big and to stand up to Hibs' dominance, and left-back Ruaridh Donaldson impressed under pressure on more than one occasion before playing a useful ball to Kieran McGachie.  Forster fouled the ambling blonde forward and referee Alan Muir pointed to the spot. Dean Hoskins sent Hibs' substitute goalkeeper Ross Laidlaw the wrong way and all of a sudden the Rosey Posey's support rediscovered their fervour, flags and volume. Another shout for a penalty from a Forster handball, as well as Wayne McIntosh's header wide gave the New Dundas Park side some hope of scoring a second, but Neil Lennon's side also remained a threat and Hoskins had to be smart to clear off the line before the break. Media playback is not supported on this deviceHibernian quickly killed off any thoughts of an unlikely comeback with Cummings' scissor-kick and Stevenson's back post tap-in well and truly wrapping the result up by the hour mark. Bonnyrigg were broken further by Cummings' second strike of the game - an easy finish when Andrews could only parry an effort from Grant Holt.  Then Keatings completed his brace by converting into the far corner from a tight angle following Martin Boyle's through ball. The rout was complete when Forster got in the scoring act by heading home Keatings' free-kick after a reckless foul by Hoskins on Humphrey. A chastening experience on the day for Bonnyrigg but one they only experienced because of a terrific run in the competition. Hibernian's Neil Lennon: "The attitude was great and that will give the players a lift.  Overall, I'm very pleased and the most important thing is that we are in the next round. "It was a good day.  Unfortunately, we lost our goalkeeper early [Ofir Marciano after a collision], so we are waiting to hear the results of that and we're hoping it's not too bad. "Bonnyrigg's Robbie Horn: "We just didn't start the game and we gave away some poor goals.  I know we are better than that. "We showed in spells what we are capable of at 3-0 and I thought there was a good shout for another penalty to go 3-2. "The way Hibs moved the ball was different class. "Match ends, Bonnyrigg Rose 1, Hibernian 8. Second Half ends, Bonnyrigg Rose 1, Hibernian 8. Foul by Darren McGregor (Hibernian). Kieran McGachie (Bonnyrigg Rose) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Grant Holt (Hibernian). Jonny Brown (Bonnyrigg Rose) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  Bonnyrigg Rose.  Conceded by Andrew Shinnie. Foul by Jordan Forster (Hibernian). Andrew Kidd (Bonnyrigg Rose) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Grant Holt (Hibernian). Alan Horne (Bonnyrigg Rose) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Goal!  Bonnyrigg Rose 1, Hibernian 8.  Jordan Forster (Hibernian) header from very close range to the high centre of the goal.  Assisted by James Keatings with a cross. Dean Hoskins (Bonnyrigg Rose) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Chris Humphrey (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Dean Hoskins (Bonnyrigg Rose). Substitution, Bonnyrigg Rose.  Jonny Brown replaces Jonathan Stewart. Goal!  Bonnyrigg Rose 1, Hibernian 7.  James Keatings (Hibernian) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Martin Boyle. Substitution, Hibernian.  Martin Boyle replaces Jason Cummings. Goal!  Bonnyrigg Rose 1, Hibernian 6.  Jason Cummings (Hibernian) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Attempt saved.  Grant Holt (Hibernian) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Jason Cummings (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Jonathan Stewart (Bonnyrigg Rose). Jordan Forster (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Kieran McGachie (Bonnyrigg Rose). Foul by Lewis Stevenson (Hibernian). Andrew Kidd (Bonnyrigg Rose) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by James Keatings (Hibernian). Jonathan Stewart (Bonnyrigg Rose) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Hibernian.  Fraser Fyvie replaces John McGinn. Substitution, Bonnyrigg Rose.  Fraser McLaren replaces Wayne McIntosh. Grant Holt (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Scott Gray (Bonnyrigg Rose). Goal!  Bonnyrigg Rose 1, Hibernian 5.  Lewis Stevenson (Hibernian) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Grant Holt. Chris Humphrey (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Wayne McIntosh (Bonnyrigg Rose). Substitution, Bonnyrigg Rose.  Scott Gray replaces Lewis Turner. Jordan Forster (Hibernian) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Andrew Kidd (Bonnyrigg Rose). James Keatings (Hibernian) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Jonathan Stewart (Bonnyrigg Rose).
The 28-year-old, who has been first choice for the Chiefs this season, has torn a pectoral muscle. Dave Lewis started in place of Chudley in Sunday's win over Ulster while Stuart Townsend came on for his first game outside the Anglo-Welsh Cup. "You've just got to get on with it, and we'll get on with it with a team that's got some momentum at the moment," head coach Rob Baxter told BBC Radio Devon. As well as Townsend and Lewis the Chiefs also have highly-rated teenager Jack Maunder, Fiji international Niko Matawalu and veteran Haydn Thomas on the books at scrum-half. "That's his (Townsend's) championship rugby debut, how well he did in a pressure situation," added Baxter. "His kicking was fantastic, his defensive work was absolutely top drawer and you look at that and your mouth waters to the future we could have in the scrum-half department.
Van Gaal, 65, has been out of work since being sacked by United hours after winning the FA Cup in May 2016. "I thought maybe I would stop, then I thought it would be a sabbatical, but now I do not think I will return to coaching," Van Gaal was quoted as saying in Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf. Van Gaal also had spells in charge of Ajax, Barcelona, Bayern Munich and AZ.He made the announcement on Monday after receiving a lifetime achievement award from the Dutch government for his contribution to football. He cited family issues for his decision, with De Telegraaf saying it was partly motivated by the sudden death of his daughter's husband last month. "So much has happened in my family, you become a human being again with your nose pressed to the facts," he added. The Dutchman also revealed he turned down lucrative offers to continue his coaching career in the Far East. Media playback is not supported on this deviceVan Gaal played as a midfielder for Ajax, Royal Antwerp, Telstar, Sparta Rotterdam and AZ between 1972 and 1987 before moving into coaching, first as an assistant at AZ followed by the same role at Ajax. He replaced Leo Beenhakker as Ajax head coach in 1991 and went on to preside over a period of sustained success, winning the Dutch league title on three occasions as well as the 1992 Uefa Cup and the 1995 Champions League title. Van Gaal was asked to emulate that success at Spanish giants Barcelona.  He inherited Bobby Robson's side in 1997 and led them to two successive La Liga titles and the Copa del Rey. His country came calling in 2000, but his first stint in charge lasted less than two years when Netherlands failed to qualify for the 2002 World Cup, the first time they had missed the competition since 1986. The Dutchman's second spell at Barcelona was even shorter - eight months - as he left midway through the season with the club hovering just above the relegation zone. Media playback is not supported on this deviceHe then guided AZ Alkmaar to the 2005-06 Eredivisie title before moving to the Bundesliga, where he helped Bayern Munich to the 2009-10 Bundesliga title. The Dutch national side approached Van Gaal again in 2012 and this time the Netherlands became one of the first two European countries, along with Italy, to qualify for Brazil 2014, where they finished in third place. After much speculation, he joined United in May 2014, signing a three-year contract to succeed David Moyes. However, United replaced him with Jose Mourinho after just two years following a fifth-placed Premier League finish in the 2015-16 season, with a first FA Cup triumph since 2004 not sufficient to save him.
He is one of 249 men suing the Catholic Church over alleged historical sexual abuse at St William's residential school in Market Weighton. Only one man out of five initial cases heard at the High Court in Leeds has been awarded compensation. In December, a judge ruled in favour of one claimant and ordered the church to pay Â£14,000 in damages. At the same hearing, His Honour Judge Gosnell dismissed three other claims. More on this and other East Yorkshire storiesIn January 2016 the former head of St William's James Carragher was jailed for the third time after he was found guilty of sexually abusing boys. Carragher, 75, had already been sentenced to 21 years in prison for sexually abusing boys and was jailed for a further nine years in January. He was jailed for seven years in 1993 and a further 14 years in 2004 for offences he committed at St William's, which closed in 1992. Co-defendant Anthony McCallen, 69, a former chaplain at St William's, was sentenced to 15 years in prison for a series of historical sex offences. He was acquitted of eight other charges at the same trial. The De La Salle Brothers, a Christian order of lay teachers, which ran the school in conjunction with the Diocese of Middlesbrough, has apologised "unreservedly" for the abuse. Another set of compensation claims is expected to be heard in late 2017.
A 1-0 defeat by Stenhousemuir sent Stranraer to the foot of the table on Saturday. The Stair Park club take on Aberdeen at Pittodrie in Saturday's Scottish Cup fourth-round tie. Reid, 46, twice won promotion to the second tier via the play-offs with Ayr United between 2007 and 2012. However, after leading Stranraer to last season's Championship play-offs, he could not get the side promoted as Ayr moved up a division. A defender as a player, Reid played for Greenock Morton, Rangers, Burnley and Queen of the South among others before moving into management. After leaving Ayr - a club he also played for - Reid worked in the Philippines managing Global FC and then had a brief spell in charge of Nuneaton Town before taking on the Stranraer job in 2015. "After a meeting and discussion this evening, Stranraer FC can announce that manager Brian Reid has left the club by mutual consent," said Stranraer on their website. "The club would like to thank Brian for all his endeavours over the past 20 months and wish him well for the future.  Brian expressed his gratitude to the club for the opportunity to take the manager's job and was disappointed that the team weren't able to build on last season's run to the play-off final and wished Stranraer FC every success in the future.
Stable-mates Lewis and Harris are named after neighbouring islands in the Western Isles. Harris, whose name was chosen by the public in an online vote last week, has been joined this week at Police Scotland's mounted unit by Lewis. The force described Lewis as "lovely and quiet" and also its smallest horse at about 16. 2 hands high.
Sarries' Australian lock Skelton slapped the GB Olympic Sevens Rio silver medallist in the face late in the 22-22 European Champions Cup draw. BBC pundit Brian Moore was among those to accuse Davies, 26, of over-reacting. "It's not good is it? If one of our players did that I'd be devastated," said McCall. "But I don't think they would.  It's terrible, but you don't need me to tell you that. "Moore wrote: "Scarlets should have won but, had they done so, it would have been spoiled by another example of simulation (cheating by exaggeration) from Davies. "Scarlets head coach Pivac defended Davies' behaviour - and questioned how clean former England hooker Moore was as a player. "I've spoken to our medical staff, and they tell me he [Davies] is getting acupuncture on his neck," Pivac said. "The facts speak for themselves: 140kg, swinging arm, hit him on the chin.  We've confirmed that. "Unless you've been hit by 140kg or been struck on the jaw, you really should keep your comments to yourself. "James tells me it [falling over] was more shock from being struck.  He fell to the ground and he got straight back up. "If I was the Saracens coach I'd be sanctioning my player for throwing a punch which is against the rules of the game. "Asked about Moore's criticism, Pivac added: "I don't condone taking a dive, that's why I don't watch football.
The biggest is a $47. 5bn (Â£38. 6bn) civil claim brought by Brazil's federal prosecutors, the companies said. Under the deal, the firms will provide an initial $681m in compensation. The collapse of the dam, containing waste from an iron ore mine, killed 19 people and created a river of millions of tonnes of toxic waste. It killed 19 people and is Brazil's worst ever mine disaster. The agreement, between the companies and prosecutors, will see experts appointed to advise the federal prosecutors on the impacts of the dam disaster and any changes that might be needed to social and environmental remediation programs agreed last May. It does not cover the potential size of the final liabilities to be agreed by the end of June. BHP spokesman, Paul Hitchins, said the settlement simplified matters: "This spells out how and when we are going to settle this with the prosecutors. "Up until this time we had all these different courts hearing the case.  This consolidates all that. "The companies said they still had not agreed how and when the mine would be able to re-open. They said any restart was subject to separate negotiations and would only happen once it was safe to do so and economically viable. It also needed the support of the devastated local community.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceTop seed Murray made short work of American Sam Querrey, winning 6-4 6-2 6-4 in one hour and 59 minutes. Evans, the world number 51, then upset Australian 27th seed Bernard Tomic with a 6-3 7-6 (7-2) 7-6 (7-3) victory. Tim Henman and Greg Rusedski reached round four at Wimbledon 15 years ago. It is the first time Evans has made it so far at a Grand Slam, and he next faces French 12th seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga. Murray, meanwhile, plays Germany's Mischa Zverev, the world number 50. Media playback is not supported on this deviceQuerrey was the man who upset then world number one Novak Djokovic at Wimbledon last summer, but Murray made sure he did not fall victim to another shock after the Serb's surprise defeat by Denis Istomin on Thursday. With six-time champion Djokovic out, Murray is a clear favourite among many observers to finally land the third leg of the career Grand Slam. "I don't worry about that, really," said Murray, who has lost four Melbourne finals to Djokovic. "Obviously, if you're to get to the final, then it has an effect.  A lot of the times when I've been in the final here, I've played against him.  Had some tough ones. "Querrey gave the Scot plenty to think about in the early stages of their third-round match, attacking the net and hurrying the top seed, but a first-serve percentage of just 57% was not enough to keep Murray at bay. The American missed a fleeting chance with a break point in game eight and Murray immediately took advantage, getting the break himself in the next game with a beautiful lob. He took a firm grip on the match with a run of six out of seven games, easing through the second set with two more breaks. There was a flurry of resistance as Querrey reeled off three straight games to lead 3-2 in the third set, but Murray once again turned up the pressure with his return to break for a fifth time on his way to a comprehensive victory. "Sam, especially in the first set, was hitting a huge ball," added Murray, who had no problem with the ankle he turned during his previous match. "There was a key moment at 3-4 when I saved a break point and then managed to break the next game and had the momentum after that. "British number three Evans is set to move inside the world's top 50, with 180 ranking points already secured in Melbourne, plus at least £135,000 in prize money. After failing to convert a match point against Stan Wawrinka in the third round of last year's US Open, the 26-year-old from Solihull grabbed this opportunity with both hands. "It was tough, Bernard is difficult," said Evans.  "He is unorthodox and I found it hard at the start.  I am happy to come through in three tight sets.  It could have gone either way. "Evans followed the best win of his career over seventh seed Marin Cilic on Wednesday with another terrific performance, setting the pace and holding firm when under pressure late in the second and third sets. He was broken after holding two set points on serve in the second set but recovered superbly when facing two set points two games later, then raced through the tie-break with some brilliant all-court tennis. When Tomic threatened again late in the third set, Evans fought off another three break points with some magnificent play that even drew applause from his opponent. There were worrying signs of possible cramp, and a brief rain shower came to the Briton's aid when serving at 5-5, 40-40, allowing him to recuperate and dominate a second tie-break to clinch the win. Evans, who is without a clothing sponsor, has been buying his own T-shirts in Melbourne. "I am happy with them at the minute," he said.  "One shrunk in the wash so I had to change it, but I reckon they look all right. "Murray will start as a strong favourite against Zverev, but there is plenty of danger lurking on the Scot's side of the draw. Former winner Stan Wawrinka, the US Open champion, is through to the last 16 after a 3-6 6-2 6-2 7-6 (9-7) win over Serbia's Viktor Troicki. The Swiss, a potential semi-final opponent for Murray, will play Andreas Seppi next after the Italian beat Belgian Steve Darcis 4-6 6-4 7-6 (7-1) 7-6 (7-2). Should Murray get past Zverev on Saturday he could face a daunting quarter-final against four-time champion Federer, seventh seed Berdych or fifth seed Kei Nishikori. BBC tennis correspondent Russell Fuller in MelbourneIn two of his previous Grand Slams, Evans had come tantalisingly close to breaking into the fourth round - especially at the US Open last September, when he had match point to knock out eventual champion Stan Wawrinka. Against Tomic, he looked from the first point as if he believed this was a match he was going to win.  The third set in particular was very physical, as the Australian dragged Evans around the court, and yet he was still fresh enough to win the tie-break in convincing manner. Evans will be a top-50 player for the first time after the Australian Open - some rise from the position of 772 he found himself in just 20 months ago.  Perhaps hitting his mid-20s and developing a taste for the big occasion from Davis Cup ties spurred him to commit to the ceaseless dedication, and long spells away from home, required to be a top player. Evans should be at his peak over the next four years.  With help from his coach Mark Hilton, he has built the foundations to allow this not to be as good as it gets.
The officer was attacked after stopping a Peugeot van in Westmorland Avenue, Cleveleys on 2 November last year, Lancashire Constabulary said. He suffered injuries to his torso and face. William Ashton, 39, of Briarwood Drive, Blackpool, is due to appear before Blackpool Magistrates' Court. He has also been charged with two counts of possession of an offensive weapon and affray. The injured officer, 47, from the Immediate Response Team based in Fleetwood, has "recovered physically" and is expected to return to work soon, police said.
Cafodd yr Esgob Joanna Penberthy ei chysegru yn Esgob Tyddewi yng Nghadeirlan Llandaf am 11:00. Roedd wedi ei hethol gan aelodau ym mis Tachwedd. Dywedodd ei bod yn edrych ymlaen at "ymuno â phobl Tyddewi", tra bod Archesgob Cymru, Dr Barry Morgan, wedi disgrifio'r achos fel un "hanesyddol". Daw'r penodiad yn dilyn ymddeoliad Wyn Evans, fu wrth y llyw am wyth mlynedd. Cafodd y penderfyniad i ganiatáu menywod i fod yn esgobion ei wneud yn 2013. Dywedodd yr Esgob Penberthy, sy'n 56 oed ac sydd wedi bod yn ficer yn Sir Gâr ac yn Ganon Tyddewi, ei bod "yn edrych ymlaen yn fawr iawn at ymuno â phobl esgobaeth Tyddewi wrth i ni fyw a rhannu ein ffydd yng Nghrist".
Mohammed Salah had twice been denied by Munir Mohamedi, but prior to the goal Morocco missed a host of good chances. Aziz Bouhaddouz failed to connect with a cross from two yards out, before seeing a header deflected just wide. And Morocco defender Romain Saiss and midfielder Mbark Boussoufa were both denied by the crossbar. Egypt go on to play Burkina Faso, who beat Tunisia 2-0 in their quarter-final on Saturday. In Sunday's other quarter-final, Ghana beat DR Congo 2-1 to set up a meeting with Cameroon, who knocked out Senegal. Egypt - the most successful side in Africa Cup of Nations history with seven titles - are yet to concede a goal in Gabon on their return to the competition after a seven-year absence. But Morocco boss Herve Renard's bid to become the first manager to win three Africa Cup of Nations title with three different countries is now over. The Frenchman led Zambia to unlikely triumph in 2012, and won the 2015 title with Ivory Coast. On a pitch that has been criticised for its poor quality, his side created the greater number of clear opportunities to score but were wasteful in front of goal and were made to pay as extra-time loomed. From an Egypt corner that Morocco failed to clear, the ball dropped kindly to 22-year-old forward Abdel-Moneim, also known as Kahraba, who stabbed home the winner on the spin. Match ends, Egypt 1, Morocco 0. Second Half ends, Egypt 1, Morocco 0. Attempt missed.  Faycal Fajr (Morocco) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right from a direct free kick. Foul by Ali Gabr (Egypt). Omar El Kaddouri (Morocco) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt missed.  Rachid Alioui (Morocco) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.  Assisted by Karim El Ahmadi. Substitution, Egypt.  Saad Samir replaces Tarek Hamed. Foul by Kahraba (Egypt). Nabil Dirar (Morocco) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Morocco.  Rachid Alioui replaces Romain Saiss. Hand ball by Mbark Boussoufa (Morocco). Corner,  Morocco.  Conceded by Ali Gabr. Goal!  Egypt 1, Morocco 0.  Kahraba (Egypt) right footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal.  Assisted by Ahmed Hassan following a corner. Attempt missed.  Kahraba (Egypt) header from the centre of the box misses to the right.  Assisted by Abdallah El Said with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Egypt.  Conceded by Medhi Benatia. Ahmed Hassan (Egypt) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Manuel da Costa (Morocco). Ahmed Fathy (Egypt) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Manuel da Costa (Morocco). Ahmed Hassan (Egypt) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Medhi Benatia (Morocco). Mohamed Salah (Egypt) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Romain Saiss (Morocco). Substitution, Morocco.  Omar El Kaddouri replaces Aziz Bouhaddouz. Foul by Trezeguet (Egypt). Youssef En-Nesyri (Morocco) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Egypt.  Conceded by Munir. Attempt saved.  Mohamed Salah (Egypt) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.  Assisted by Abdallah El Said. Kahraba (Egypt) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Manuel da Costa (Morocco). Attempt saved.  Aziz Bouhaddouz (Morocco) header from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom right corner.  Assisted by Hamza Mendyl with a cross. Kahraba (Egypt) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Kahraba (Egypt). Karim El Ahmadi (Morocco) wins a free kick on the right wing. Essam El Hadary (Egypt) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Aziz Bouhaddouz (Morocco). Foul by Ahmed Fathy (Egypt). Aziz Bouhaddouz (Morocco) wins a free kick on the right wing. Attempt missed.  Aziz Bouhaddouz (Morocco) header from the centre of the box misses to the left.  Assisted by Nabil Dirar with a cross. Attempt missed.  Manuel da Costa (Morocco) header from the left side of the box misses to the left.  Assisted by Mbark Boussoufa following a set piece situation.
The Reverend Gavin Ashenden, a senior clergyman in the Church of England, left his position as chaplain in order to be free to criticise the move. A passage from the Koran was read during an Epiphany service at St Mary's Cathedral in Glasgow earlier this month. Mr Ashenden said the reading had caused "serious offence". The cathedral has said it is standing by its decision. St Mary's invited local Muslims, who also revere Jesus as a prophet, to join the service. A student, Madinah Javed, read from the lectern in Arabic from the chapter of Maryam, or Mary. The chapter tells the story of the birth of Christ to the virgin Mary, and includes the Islamic teaching that Jesus is not the son of God and should not be worshipped. Mr Ashenden told BBC Radio 4's Sunday programme: "The problem with what happened in Glasgow was that, although it was presented as a way of building bridges and a way of educating people, it was done badly, in the wrong way, in the wrong place, in the wrong context. "There are a number of members of the congregation who have written open letters complaining of the profound upset they experienced as people who are part of the Eucharistic community who had come to worship Christ. "The cathedral's provost, the Very Rev Kelvin Holdsworth, has said readings of the Koran in the cathedral were part of efforts to build relationships between Christians and Muslims in Glasgow. He said: "Such readings have happened a number of times in the past in this and in other churches and have led to deepening friendships locally, to greater awareness of the things we hold in common and to dialogue about the ways in which we differ. "Asked if he had known what the Koran verse specifically said about Jesus, Mr Holdsworth declined to comment further.
Stokes, hit for four successive sixes in Kolkata in the World T20 final loss, struck a 39-ball 57 in England's 321-8. He removed key man Virat Kohli and ended a 104-run stand between Kedar Jadhav and Hardik Pandya. Jadhav remained with India needing 16 from the final over, but Chris Woakes had him caught for 90. Not only did it give England a first international win on the tour after a 4-0 defeat in the Tests, but also just a fourth success in 26 ODIs in India. India take the series 2-1, with the first of three Twenty20 internationals in Kanpur on Thursday. Stokes' previous game in Kolkata ended with him slumped on the Eden Gardens turf after being clubbed for four maximums by West Indies' Carlos Brathwaite. This return was a heroic one as he energised the end of England's innings with the bat and then took vital wickets with the ball. England looked set to fall short of a competitive total at 246-6 after 43 overs, only for left-hander Stokes, using his feet and targeting the mid-on area, to blast a 34-ball half-century. Master run-chaser Kohli was dropped at fine leg on 35 by Jake Ball and looked likely to make England pay before Stokes induced a wild drive and an edge behind. And when India looked to have reversed the momentum, Stokes returned to bowl the 46th and 48th overs, conceding only seven runs, bowling Pandya and having Ravichandran Ashwin caught at mid-on. In an incredible chase of 351 to win the first one-day international, right-hander Jadhav destroyed England with 120 from 76 balls. Whereas then he was guided by captain Kohli, here he was forced to do the bulk of the work, first in the company of Pandya, who rode his luck for 56 in a century partnership that came in less than 14 overs. Short of stature, Jadhav played cuts and pulls, and although wickets fell around him he looked on course to seal a remarkable victory as England's bowling got ragged, perhaps because of a dew-affected, slippery ball. In the World T20 final, England were defending 19 off the final over.  Here, Jadhav threatened to pull off something equally astounding:On placid pitches in the the first two ODIs, England made scores of 350-7 and 366-8 only to lose both. Here they were more comfortable on a surface that offered movement and bounce for the pace bowlers. Still, a weakness of losing wickets at key moments and batsmen failing to convert good starts was repeated. Jason Roy got into a tangle to be bowled by Ravindra Jadeja for 65, captain Eoin Morgan helped a long hop to short fine leg for 43 and Jonny Bairstow cut to point for 56 - both men victims of the excellent Pandya's 3-49. Stokes' late hitting took England to a competitive score and their pace bowlers enjoyed the greater assistance to run through the India top order, even after David Willey was forced from the field with a shoulder injury. Then came the charge of Jadhav and Pandya, but Stokes and Woakes, who earlier added 73 with the bat in only 40 balls, had the final say. Simon Hughes on Test Match SpecialThere wasn't any shame in losing those first two games.  There was nothing in it for the England bowlers and they came up against some fantastic Indian batting. Here, there was more in the pitch for England and they exploited it very well. The Champions Trophy will have these kind of pitches and England look better suited when the ball does a little bit. Man of the match Ben Stokes: "It was difficult when we came here last time.  I put it down to good captaincy to get my overs out of the way before the last over!"It was difficult at the start of my innings.  The ball was doing a bit so I gave myself as much time as I could.  Woakesy played a good part in that as well. "It has been fantastic to be a part of the series.  Thankfully we got a win. "England coach Trevor Bayliss: "We've been playing some good cricket, scoring a lot of runs and we felt we deserved a win. "On this ground, I'm sure there were some memories.  It sums up Ben Stokes that he was able to get over it and bowl very well. "England captain Eoin Morgan: "It has been hard work - a competitive series.  It was tough for the bowlers.  We were rewarded for our persistence and drive to get a result.  We fought hard against a really good side. "India captain Virat Kohli: "It's been a series of a lot of positives.  We almost got over the line today and we were getting excited to see two of our younger guys showing character lower down the order.  I'm very pleased.
Anna O'Flanagan, Katie Mullan and Zoe Wilson netted the goals for the Irish who had beaten Wales in the semi-finals. Ireland now turn their focus to World League 3 and the Eurohockey Championships this summer. "We have had an incredible experience and have grown and learnt a lot as a group," said coach Graham Shaw. "This is our first competitive tournament in 18 months and we are very proud of the team and the level of performance. "We will use this tournament as a benchmark going forward.  Our number one goal is to qualify for the World Cup and finish as high as possible at the Europeans in August.
Former Manchester City and Liverpool striker Balotelli, 26, protested at his treatment in a social media post. Plea said: "We heard monkey noises in the warm-up and during the game.  A few supporters insulted him the whole game.  Balotelli was very, very upset. "Bastia released a statement on Saturday expressing surprise at the allegations. "Having never noticed nor been informed, either by the referees, the delegates or any member of Nice of any incident of this type, it is with surprise that our club discovered these accusations, which carry considerable harm to the image of our club as a whole," the Bastia statement said. French governing body Ligue de Football Professionnel (LFP) has announced an investigation into Balotelli's allegations. The Bastia statement added: "Taking note of the LFP announcement of an inquiry, our club is now at the disposal of the authorities so that all light is shed on this type of behaviour, which is by its nature stupid and unacceptable. "Balotelli has scored 10 goals in 15 games for Nice since joining on a free transfer from Liverpool in August, two years after a £16m move to Anfield. In 2013 he suffered abuse from Roma fans while playing for AC Milan and threatened to walk off the pitch if he was subjected to it again.
They ran in seven tries to finish second in Pool Three and book their British & Irish Cup quarter-final spot. "There was some sloppiness in there that we'll have to rectify in the week," Cattle told BBC Radio Cornwall. "I thought the score flattered us a little bit - it was only in that second 20 minutes in the first half where they missed a few one-on-ones. "Alex O'Meara scored a hat-trick at the Mennaye, with captain Chris Morgan, Bar Bartlett, Jake Parker, and Alex Day also going over. Pirates had Marlen Walker sin-binned while fly-half Bartlett suffered a rib injury, with the club awaiting results from an x-ray. "Us coaches are always going to be picky with the performance," added Cattle. "When we had the sin-binning it looked a little bit disjointed from the scrum but they're things we can iron out.
Ruth Carr attacked Alan Allan, 34, at about 09:00 on 25 January last year after an argument. Carr, who was wearing only underwear at the time, had claimed Mr Allan had sexually assaulted her. A jury at the High Court in Glasgow rejected her claims of self defence and convicted her of murder. Neighbour Jill Strachan told the trial how she became aware of "a commotion". The 39 year old said: "There was a lot of shouting. . .to-ing and fro-ing. "Initially, it seemed to be all about money. "When the accused saw that she had an audience, she said something else. "I remember her shouting 'phone the police, he has raped me'. "She was wearing pink pants and a black bra. "Ms Strachan said she did not believe Carr's claims of being sexually assaulted. She said she thought Carr was then punching the man, who she had never seen before. Miss Strachan added she did not at first see a weapon.  However, after hearing the victim in apparent pain, she then saw a knife hit the ground. Mr Allan died at the scene.  He suffered four stab wounds - two of which were considered life threatening. Judge Lady Stacey deferred sentencing for reports until 10 February in Edinburgh.
Wales start their Six Nations campaign in Italy on 5 February with Warburton endorsing interim head coach Rob Howley's decision to appoint Jones. Warburton, 28, has led Wales a record 49 times since being handed the captaincy by Warren Gatland in 2011. "It's been lovely while I've done it but I can enjoy my rugby without it," said Warburton. "It allows me to have a little bit more freedom. "There comes a time in your career you need to focus on yourself.  Even though you are in a team sport, you do still need to be selfish. "Speaking for the first time since the decision was announced, Warburton said: "It's something I've known about for a while and spoken about it to Rob. "There wasn't a definitive moment.  This has been happening over the past few months. "It probably came to our attention during the autumn, when we started talking about it, and through December and January. "It was a decision we both agreed on and thought was best for myself individually and the team. "You know it is a big call for a coach to drop his captain. "Warburton insists he is not disappointed and is free to concentrate on securing his position in the Wales back row. "I found it to be a relatively easy decision because captaincy has never been the motivation for me," said the Cardiff Blues flanker, who said he was unsure whether he would lead Wales again. "Playing number seven for Wales and the Lions has always been the target. "It's not something I've been bitterly disappointed about or something I've always desperately wanted to do.  It's an honour. "There also comes a time in your career you need to focus on yourself. "That's why this is the best thing for me.  It will probably make me more hungry not to have the captaincy. "There are so many good sixes and sevens in the squad, that you have got to bring your A-game just to get in the 23. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceSince 2011, when he took the job aged 22, Warburton has led Wales more times than anybody else and captained his country at two World Cups and to a Six Nations Grand Slam in 2012. "People expect the Grand Slam to be my highlight, but I only played three games," he said. "My highlight might be the win against South Africa in 2014 because that was a big moment. "Players are always getting the question about [beating] southern hemisphere sides.  To finally get that win was satisfying. "When I look back to 2011 when I nearly didn't take it, that would have been the biggest mistake of my rugby career. "Back then I was completely out of my comfort zone and didn't want to do it. "But it has helped me develop as a person and a player. "Warburton is replaced by Ospreys skipper Jones who has captained Wales five times and led the Lions to match and series victory in the final Test against Australia in 2013. "Alun Wyn is a vastly experienced player and has more experience than me at international level," said Warburton. "He's seen pretty much everything in this game.  That's what makes him such a great candidate to be captain. "Alun Wyn is the stand-out candidate.  It will be a nice smooth transition and he will be able to cope fine with things. "Warburton said he was unsure whether his chances of leading the Lions again in New Zealand this summer after captaining the tourists in Australia in 2013 would be affected. "I haven't spoken to Warren [Gatland] since he was announced as Lions coach," said Warburton. "He popped in and observed some training sessions, which I imagine he did across the home nations. "He was informed about the decision by the WRU and Rob spoke to him. "One of my concerns was Warren, because he has invested a lot of time in me, especially when I was so young. "But he knew exactly what was going on which was great.
Craig Bryson gave the Rams an early lead when he struck from the edge of the area, before Thomas Ince curled in a stunning effort to double the lead. Shortly after Bryson hit the crossbar, Darren Bent added a third when he headed home from close range. Ipswich struggled for clear-cut chances, while Derby missed several. Ince, whose earlier effort came after he drifted in from the right to score his 11th goal of the season, could only hit the post from a low cross by Bent in the second half. Ipswich keeper Bartosz Bialkowski also made smart saves from both Bent and Jacob Butterfield. The hosts had a late penalty appeal when Grant Ward went down in the area, shortly before Kieffer Moore's shot was deflected wide on his home debut. The result leaves the hosts with just one win from their last seven games, a run which included being knocked out of the FA Cup by non-league Lincoln City. There was further bad news for McCarthy's men, with influential forward Tom Lawrence replaced at half-time because of injury. Ipswich manager Mick McCarthy: "It looked like an ordinary start from both teams, but the first goal was far too easy for me, as was the second. "We'd had a bit of a rally just before the third goal, when we should have scored from a corner kick, but then we give the ball away and it ends up in the net. "It's quite clearly a foul in the build-up, which is not irrelevant because at 2-0 we could maybe get back in it, but 3-0 has put the game to bed. "Derby manager Steve McClaren: "We should have scored more goals, but you can't have everything.  I thought we were great in the first half - we've been so disappointed with our starts over recent games. "There were some tremendous performances and to come here and win 3-0 means the credit has to go to the players. "The most important thing in the second half was not to be complacent, keep a clean sheet and take home the three points. "Match ends, Ipswich Town 0, Derby County 3. Second Half ends, Ipswich Town 0, Derby County 3. Kieffer Moore (Ipswich Town) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Cyrus Christie (Derby County). Attempt missed.  Grant Ward (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.  Assisted by Kieffer Moore. Attempt missed.  Kieffer Moore (Ipswich Town) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right.  Assisted by Grant Ward with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Ipswich Town.  Conceded by Markus Olsson. Attempt blocked.  Kieffer Moore (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked.  Assisted by Grant Ward. Foul by Freddie Sears (Ipswich Town). Cyrus Christie (Derby County) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Hand ball by Grant Ward (Ipswich Town). Foul by David McGoldrick (Ipswich Town). Craig Bryson (Derby County) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Dangerous play by Kevin Bru (Ipswich Town). Craig Bryson (Derby County) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Kieffer Moore (Ipswich Town). Bradley Johnson (Derby County) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Derby County.  Cyrus Christie replaces Chris Baird because of an injury. Foul by Christophe Berra (Ipswich Town). Matej Vydra (Derby County) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Jonas Knudsen (Ipswich Town). Tom Ince (Derby County) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed.  Craig Bryson (Derby County) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.  Assisted by Ikechi Anya with a headed pass. Attempt saved.  David McGoldrick (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Kevin Bru (Ipswich Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Craig Bryson (Derby County). Attempt blocked.  Christophe Berra (Ipswich Town) header from the left side of the box is blocked.  Assisted by Grant Ward with a cross. Corner,  Ipswich Town.  Conceded by Markus Olsson. Jacob Butterfield (Derby County) hits the left post with a right footed shot from the centre of the box.  Assisted by Tom Ince following a fast break. Grant Ward (Ipswich Town) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Markus Olsson (Derby County). Attempt saved.  Craig Bryson (Derby County) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.  Assisted by Tom Ince. Substitution, Derby County.  Matej Vydra replaces Darren Bent. Attempt missed.  Tom Ince (Derby County) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high.  Assisted by Jacob Butterfield from a direct free kick. Foul by Christophe Berra (Ipswich Town). Darren Bent (Derby County) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt saved.  Kevin Bru (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is saved in the bottom left corner. Substitution, Ipswich Town.  Kieffer Moore replaces Brett Pitman. Corner,  Ipswich Town.  Conceded by Richard Keogh. Grant Ward (Ipswich Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Alex D'Acol headed the hosts ahead early on from Ali Crawford's corner. Inverness had the chance to level after Darian MacKinnon fouled Billy Mckay in the box but Greg Tansey's penalty was saved by Gary Woods. Grant Gillespie converted Rakish Bingham's pass to double Accies' lead and Bingham added a goal of his own. Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe visitors had been boosted by former striker Mckay's loan signing from Wigan being completed shortly before kick-off to allow him to play, but it was Accies who dominated as they welcomed back the experienced Mikey Devlin and Massimo Donati after injury. Both sides had been struggling to find a win, and the lack of confidence was evident for most of the first half, although Mckay blasted a volley into the side netting to give the small band of away fans some early hope. Before the match Hamilton boss Martin Canning had said the first goal would be hugely influential and it was his side who grabbed it with a well rehearsed move from Crawford's corner. D'Acol got away from his marker on the near post and his glancing header found the net past Owain Fon Williams for his seventh goal of the season. Caley Thistle then blew a major opportunity to equalise after referee Euan Anderson had pointed to the spot on 26 minutes.  Woods guessed right, diving right to produce a superb save to deny Tansey. Accies then lost Crawford to injury just after the half-hour, with new signing Blair Adams taking his place and Gillespie taking on Crawford's midfield responsibilities. That move paid off after the interval when Bingham drove down the left, crossed low into the box and Gillespie timed his run superbly to send a side-foot shot past Fon Williams. Bingham then produced the best moment of the night, smashing a terrific 18-yard effort high past the Welsh goalkeeper for his fourth goal of the campaign, the Caley Thistle defence ripped apart and their fans starting to dread the long, late trip home. It was a first league win in 12 for Hamilton and only their third in the division this season.  Meanwhile, Richie Foran has a major task ahead to convince his men that they can stay in a top flight becoming tougher and tougher as Inverness' winless league run stretched to the dozen mark. Media playback is not supported on this deviceHamilton player-manager Martin Canning: "The performance was similar to Saturday, but there were key moments there with the penalty save and the second goal, because we have not been taking the opportunity to get the second goal when we have had the chance so far this season. "If we continue to make the big moments go in our favour and capitalise on them, then we can move up the table and continue to win games. "We haven't punished teams, but tonight we did and we make it comfortable for ourselves and that should have probably happened four or five times this season. "The league is so tight, we have gone from joint bottom to four points off the top six and it gives us a great incentive to go on and try to do something against Kilmarnock on Saturday. "Inverness manager Richie Foran: "That puts us into a relegation battle now - forget about top six, we are in a relegation battle now. "Some of our players have not got the bottle, they showed that today.  We might have been the better side in the first half and their keeper pulled off a great save from the penalty, but some of our boys are hiding and we are in for a fight now. "I told them straight, 'I can see who is bottling it, I can see who does not want to take the ball'.  It is not them all - I thought Billy Mckay was excellent - but it makes it a massive game for us now on Saturday against Dundee. "That was our worst defeat of the season.  I'll take my share of the blame, but the players now need to stand up and be counted. "Match ends, Hamilton Academical 3, Inverness CT 0. Second Half ends, Hamilton Academical 3, Inverness CT 0. Attempt missed.  Liam Polworth (Inverness CT) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Massimo Donati (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Dean Ebbe (Inverness CT). Foul by Blair Adams (Hamilton Academical). Larnell Cole (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed.  Grant Gillespie (Hamilton Academical) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Corner,  Hamilton Academical.  Conceded by Brad McKay. Foul by Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical). Liam Polworth (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt missed.  Blair Adams (Hamilton Academical) header from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Attempt missed.  Blair Adams (Hamilton Academical) header from a difficult angle on the right is close, but misses to the right. Substitution, Hamilton Academical.  Eamonn Brophy replaces Alejandro D'Acol. Corner,  Inverness CT. Conceded by Scott McMann. Substitution, Inverness CT. Dean Ebbe replaces Henri Anier. Attempt missed.  Michael Devlin (Hamilton Academical) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Corner,  Hamilton Academical.  Conceded by David Raven. Substitution, Hamilton Academical.  Steven Boyd replaces Rakish Bingham. Attempt saved.  Larnell Cole (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Corner,  Hamilton Academical.  Conceded by Gary Warren. Attempt saved.  Liam Polworth (Inverness CT) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Goal!  Hamilton Academical 3, Inverness CT 0.  Rakish Bingham (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from outside the box to the top right corner.  Assisted by Darian MacKinnon. Alejandro D'Acol (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Brad McKay (Inverness CT). Substitution, Inverness CT. Larnell Cole replaces Ross Draper. Massimo Donati (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Henri Anier (Inverness CT). Attempt blocked.  Liam Polworth (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Attempt blocked.  Henri Anier (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Darian MacKinnon (Hamilton Academical) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Darian MacKinnon (Hamilton Academical). (Inverness CT) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  Hamilton Academical.  Conceded by David Raven. Attempt saved.  Billy McKay (Inverness CT) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Attempt missed.  Blair Adams (Hamilton Academical) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Goal!  Hamilton Academical 2, Inverness CT 0.  Grant Gillespie (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner.  Assisted by Rakish Bingham. Attempt saved.  Liam Polworth (Inverness CT) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Second Half begins Hamilton Academical 1, Inverness CT 0. First Half ends, Hamilton Academical 1, Inverness CT 0.
The Swedish giant asked customers who bought any model of the Mysingso chair to return it for a full refund. The global recall comes after Ikea received reports from Finland, Germany, the US, Denmark and Australia that users had received injuries to their fingers that needed medical treatment. Ikea's statement said the chair had a "risk of falling or finger entrapment". It said: "After washing the fabric seat it is possible to re-assemble the chair incorrectly leading to risks of falls or finger entrapments. "Ikea has received five incident reports in which a Mysingso beach chair collapsed during use due to incorrect re-assembly.  All five reports included injuries to fingers and required medical attention. It added that a full investigation had led to an improved design "to further mitigate the risks of incorrect re-assembly and injuries" and the updated chair would be available from next month. Ikea has more than 300 stores in 27 countries.
The world's number one aeroplane manufacturer made sales of $94. 6bn, down 2%, and net earnings of $4. 9bn, 5% lower. It said revenues were likely to slip further in 2017, to between $90. 5bn and $92. 5bn. But the US company also expects to deliver more commercial aircraft and to improve its earnings per share. "Looking forward, our team is intent on accelerating productivity and programme execution," said chairman and chief executive Dennis Muilenburg. In the period, Boeing made 748 commercial aircraft deliveries, down from 762 in 2015, claiming to have led the market for "the fifth consecutive year". It also delivered fewer military planes - in particular, its new CH-47 Chinook helicopter and its F/A-18 fighter jet - while sales in the division slipped 7%. Revenue also fell in the firm's space and services divisions because of weaker demand for satellites and aircraft modernisation. However, overall group earnings surged 59% in the fourth quarter of the year as demand for the company's commercial planes ticked up. Boeing also projected higher commercial deliveries this year of between 760 and 765 aircraft. The company's shares were up by more than 2% in early trading in New York.
Collymore, 46, expressed an interest in the role at a meeting with Forest owner Fawaz Al Hasawi on Tuesday. But after "time to reflect" on the meeting and feedback from fans, he has now "withdrawn from any involvement". He had said: "I'm not convinced change will happen quickly or thoroughly enough under Fawaz's ownership. "But following his decision to withdraw his interest, he explained: "As for fans which questioned my motive, I want the club to be in safe hands, competitive and in the top division. "My current business, career and health are way more important to me than pushing against a tide of doubt, spite and rabble rousing, so I'll stick to the odd Q&A in Nottingham now and again to say hello to those who supported me back in the day. "Collymore was involved in a protest against Al Hasawi on 21 January, which followed the collapse of a proposed takeover of the club by a US-based consortium led by John Jay Moores. "I believe Fawaz will stay in the short/medium term," Collymore wrote on his blog. "Unless JJM [Moores] meet the asking price of £50m or as Fawaz said "the Chinese offer silly money", it is my belief that he feels he has the resources, passion and plan to move the club forward. "Forest are currently 19th in the Championship, just five points above the relegation zone. They sacked manager Philippe Montanier on 14 January, making the Frenchman the seventh to leave the City Ground since the Al Hasawi family took over in July 2012. Meanwhile, the Nottingham Forest Supporters' Trust have been given an assurance by the city council that the land on which the City Ground is built will never be sold. The stadium is owned by the club, but the land still belongs to the council. The Supporters' Trust have also applied to register the City Ground as an Asset of Community Value, meaning they would have first refusal to purchase the stadium if it were ever to be sold, with six months to raise the required funds. "This is a key safeguarding measure for the future of our football club," a spokesperson said. "With our membership now live and having already seen hundreds of members join up, we have a huge wealth of skills to call upon to continue to push further initiatives forward.
The 25-year-old has made three appearances since joining the German Bundesliga side on a three-year deal last summer. Greece international Petsos began his career at Bayer Leverkusen, and has had spells at Kaiserslautern, Greuther Furth and Rapid Vienna. He becomes Fulham's first signing of the January transfer window. Meanwhile, striker Stephen Humphrys has extended his contract at Craven Cottage until the summer of 2019, and joined League One side Shrewsbury on loan until the end of the campaign. The 19-year-old has featured three times for the Whites since making his senior debut in December. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here.
Attacking midfielder Christensen, 22, has played more than 50 games for the London side, but has not started a Championship match this season. Striker Woodrow, 22, has only started one league match but scored twice in the EFL Cup against Leyton Orient. Both players are available to face QPR on Saturday. Brewers manager Nigel Clough said: "Lasse has a good season or so under his belt in the Championship.  He's been a bit unlucky not to feature much this season, but they see him in their long-term plans and it will help him to play for us. "Cauley is one to add to our striking options.  With Luke Varney out for four to six weeks and Will Miller's hamstring injury, it was important to get another striker in. "Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here.
Clubs are required to provide accurate details of training sessions and player whereabouts so that they are available for testing at all times. City have allegedly failed to ensure its information was accurate on three occasions. The FA has a 'three strikes' policy and the most likely punishment is a fine. It is understood the information was not updated following a change to training routines. BBC Sport's Simon StoneThe fact City have accepted the charge is not a surprise. Doping is a word that attracts big headlines and they are even greater when it is attached to one of the world's leading football clubs. However, as I understand it, the three breaches of the whereabouts rule were relatively low level. Clubs are responsible for a number of teams - senior, women, under-23 - and one infringement by each would be enough to trigger a charge. Still, it is slightly embarrassing for the Blues, who are likely to receive some sort of fine.
The 14-time major champion, playing in his first full PGA Tour event for almost 18 months, carded a level-par second round of 72, but missed the cut by four shots after his first-round 76. World number one Jason Day and US Open champion Dustin Johnson also missed the cut at Torrey Pines in San Diego. Overnight leader Rose carded a one-under 71 to put him on eight under. Canada's Adam Hadwin and USA's Brandt Snedeker are tied in second on seven under, while US PGA champion Jimmy Walker missed the cut as he finished on three over. Woods is playing in just his second tournament since 15 months out with a back injury. "It's frustrating not being able to have a chance to win the tournament," said the 41-year-old, who won his last major, the US Open, at the same course in 2008. "Overall today was a lot better than yesterday.  I hit it better, I putted well again.  I hit a lot of beautiful putts that didn't go in, but I hit it much better today, which was nice. "Scotland's Martin Laird and England's Paul Casey are both on two under, while Ireland's Shane Lowry is on level par.
The UK's chief veterinary officer said H5N8 avian flu has been discovered at a farm with 1,000 birds in Wyre. Graeme Cooke said it has a "business link" to nearby farm Hy-Fly Game Hatcheries Limited in Preesall where the infection was confirmed on Tuesday. Public Health England (PHE) said the risk to humans was "very low". A 1. 8 mile (3km) protection zone has been set up around the farm. Defra said: "This case was proactively identified as part of a routine investigation of premises traced as a result of confirmation of the disease in Lancashire earlier this week. "There is a business link between the two premises. "It said a number of birds have died with the remaining birds at the premises to be culled. Defra said a full investigation is under way to determine the source of the infection. Other related premises have been placed under restrictions which will remain in place until all investigations are complete. The Food Standards Agency said bird flu does not pose a food safety risk for UK consumers. There have been a number of other outbreaks of the virus including on a farm with 19,500 turkeys in Boston on Friday which was the third case of the H5N8 strain of avian flu in Lincolnshire in about four weeks. The same strain has been discovered in birds in Settle, North Yorkshire, a swannery in Dorset and flocks in Carmarthenshire, south west Wales. In December, the government introduced an avian influenza prevention zone, which lasts until 28 February, to help protect poultry and captive birds from avian flu after the strain was found in 14 European countries including Germany and France.
The 17-year-old has made seven appearances for the Bairns this season and it had been suggested several English clubs were also interested. "Trust me, it's 100% speculation and it gathers arms and legs," said Houston. "If any of our players were subject to a bid from a team - if it was a good bid - the directors will take it.  Simple as that. "Sunderland manager David Moyes was in the stand watching Falkirk's 2-1 win at St Mirren but did not confirm if he was there to watch the teenage left-back. The youngster was dropped to the bench for that victory after playing six consecutive games in the first team. "He's 17 years of age, and one of the things as a manager that you need to know is when to put a player so young and so good as Tony into the team," said Houston. "Luke Leahy played exceptionally well for 18 months and Tony had to bide his time.  Tony might have been able to go in a bit earlier if Luke had been injured. "[Recently] I felt Luke had just slightly dipped and we had a discussion about it and it was time to put Tony in there. "But there's also a time to know when to take the pressure off a young lad.  He went into a side over the last seven games when we have been inconsistent. "Tony was exceptional in the period he was in the team but it's the right time just to bring him back out and take the pressure off him with all the media speculation and hype that's going on about him. "He'll get back in there again and when he does he needs to make sure he's bigger, stronger and better for it. "Several other players like Scott Arfield, Stephen Kingsley and Jay Fulton have left Falkirk and gone on to experience English Premier League football. Houston stressed the importance of knowing when is the right time to let that happen. "Thankfully Tony's parents are sensible," he said. "He could have signed for a lot of big clubs when he was 13 but he chose Falkirk because he thinks the best development pathway to play football is through Falkirk. "If he's good enough he'll get picked up by these other teams again.
The supermarket's stock fell by more than 4% to close at 197. 8p. Over the weekend, press reports suggested the deal faced a lengthy investigation from competition regulators. Shares in Booker also fell, with the FTSE 250 company down 3. 6%. Overall, the FTSE 100 ended down by 66 points at 7,118. 48.  Most major stock markets around the world fell after President Donald Trump's decision to impose a travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries. Among the gainers in the UK, Vodafone rose after the mobile phone company said that its Indian unit was in merger talks. A combination of the two companies would create India's biggest telecoms firm.  Shares rose 1. 3%. On the FTSE 250, shares in WS Atkins jumped 6% following a report in the Times that the engineering company had been approached by US company CH2M over a possible merger. Flybe shares dipped 1. 1% after the airline said it had seen a "slow start" to trading since the start of the new year, blaming "uncertain consumer confidence and poor weather". That was despite the carrier reporting "solid" trading for the final three months of 2016, with revenues boosted by extra capacity.  Flybe said passenger revenues rose 13. 5% in the quarter, compared with 5. 7% in the previous six months. On the currency markets, the pound fell 0. 5% against the dollar to $1. 2484, but rose 0. 4% against the euro to 1. 1682 euros.
The 32-year-old scored 25 points on Sunday to pass the milestone in his 10th season with the Cavaliers. He now has twice as many points as Zydrunas Ilgauskas, who is second on the team's all-time list with 10,616. James, who also played for Miami Heat, is eighth on the NBA all-time list with 27,938 career points. Media playback is not supported on this deviceElsewhere the Atlanta Hawks needed four periods of over-time to beat New York Knicks 142-139. The game lasted for more than four hours, after the teams were tied after 48 minutes and then played periods of five minutes until there was a winner. Hawk's Paul Millsap played 60 minutes, including 35 consecutive minutes, to finish with 37 points.
The former England Under-21 international has progressed through the youth system at Goodison Park and made nine appearances for the Toffees. Browning, 22, missed the end of last season with a knee injury that kept him out for nearly a year. "I hope to be able to come in and make an impact," he told the club website. "I have heard nothing but good things about the club and can't wait to get started. "Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here.
Nine men were arrested over a pitch invasion and flares being thrown during City's 3-0 loss at Sixfields. The club has said that the "repeated disruptions" were "unacceptable". A Sky Blue Trust statement said: "We do not condone anti-social and illegal acts such as the throwing of smoke bombs and multiple pitch invasions. "The statement continued: "We do understand, however, that it was entirely the result of frustration and desperation and that many supporters are simply at the end of their tethers feeling powerless and ignored. "While peaceful protests and petitions have attracted national attention and sympathy, they have seemingly been ignored by Sisu and [chairman] Tim Fisher and this once great club is in now in total disarray and turmoil. "The scenes were ugly but borne of desperation and passion.  The Trust urges all fans to keep any protests lawful and ensure these scenes are not be repeated. "Coventry fans have held a number of protests against the club's owners this season, with December's EFL Trophy second round win over Crawley attracting a record-low home crowd. The Sky Blues are without a League One victory since 1 November and have only won four times all season.
Now, the community is turning to introspection. Questions are being raised in the province around radicalisation and whether there is a climate of intolerance that needs to be addressed. On Monday, Alexandre Bissonette, a 27-year-old University of Laval student, was charged with six counts of first-degree murder and five counts of attempted murder. Police have not said what motivated the alleged attacker, who opened fire at the Quebec Islamic Cultural Centre during evening prayers. Quebec attack: Who were the victims?Quebec Muslims 'emotionally destroyed'Who is Alexandre Bissonnette?But there are reports that Mr Bissonette expressed anti-immigration and anti-feminist views online. Francois Deschamps, an official with an advocacy group, Welcome to Refugees, said the suspect was known for those views online. Vivek Venkatesh, a professor with Montreal's Concordia University who studies online hate and radicalisation, says social media creates "echo chambers", where more extreme views can gain traction. He says while Quebec is "still reeling" from the mosque shooting, it is important that there be a public debate in the province on how to prevent radicalisation and violent extremism in all its forms. Pierre Martin, a political science professor with the University of Montreal, says that it appears Mr Bissonette may have been influenced by a mix of global nationalist trends, the so-called "alt-right", and "currents within Quebec itself". Trump’s shock troops: Who are the ‘alt-right’?In the 1960s, Quebec shifted quickly from a highly religious society to a deeply secular culture. "People (now) tend to be critical of religion in general and how religion shapes people's social interactions," he said. He said Quebecers tend to reject overt displays of religion. For example, the province has debated in the past few years whether government workers should be allowed to wear clothing that showed their faith, like hijabs or turbans. Mr Martin said the current provincial Liberal government is seen as being overly permissive on the issue while the opposition "have tended to be criticised for seizing some currents of resentment and exploiting them for political purposes". But he says the fact that thousands of Quebecers attended candlelight vigils on Monday showed "that the large majority of people who may have even traces of reservations about ostentatious displays of religion in the public sphere are extremely tolerant of private observance". Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard echoed that on Tuesday, telling journalists that while "all societies live with demons and our society is not perfect", the majority of the province is open to newcomers. Still, many in Quebec City's Muslim community have said over that past two days that they have concerns about Islamophobia in the province. Amira Elghawaby, with the National Council of Canadian Muslims, says that in Quebec, recent debates around the niqab - like whether to ban the wearing of the face veil while offering or receiving public services - have been "toxic" and contributed to the mischaracterisation of Muslims as the "other.
Bates, who has been Tigers promoter for three years, has taken full control of the Lions and will work alongside co-promoter David Darcy. Bates said: "We're only weeks away from the new season and so our main priority is to quickly form a team. "We have opened talks with several riders and should be in a position to announce the first signings any day. "Lions endured a miserable season last time out and finished bottom of the Elite League table. But Bates said he hoped the club's financial difficulties were a thing of the past. "I am aware that Leicester went through a difficult trading period last season," he said. "And I will be doing everything possible to ensure that the club is placed on a sound financial footing that secures the future of Leicester Speedway for years to come.
Both players join the League Two side until the end of the season. Nelson, 19, is yet to make a senior appearance for the Black Cats but has played two under-21 games in the EFL Trophy this season. Northern Ireland Under-21 international Rooney, 20, has played just three times this season but scored twice against the Pools on his Argyle debut in May. He was on the bench for Plymouth's 2-1 defeat at Yeovil on Tuesday night, with the club saying his move to the north-east went through just 17 seconds before the transfer window shut. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here.
The 26-year-old will join Wednesday on a permanent transfer in the summer for a fee believed to be £10m. The Owls had to wait until Wednesday for the English Football League to decide if the deal had been completed by Tuesday's 23:00 GMT deadline. Rhodes scored six goals in 24 league appearances for Boro after joining from Blackburn for £9m in January 2016. However, the Scotland international, featured just six times this season and failed to score. He started his career with Ipswich and had loan spells with Oxford, Rochdale and Brentford before joining Huddersfield in July 2009. Rhodes scored 73 goals in 124 league appearances for the Terriers and helped them to promotion from League One in 2012. Blackburn paid the Terriers £8m for him in August 2012 following their relegation from the Premier League. He moved on to Boro last January after scoring 83 goals in 159 league games for Rovers and helped Aitor Karanka's side win promotion to the Premier League. Rhodes' father, Andy, is the goalkeeping coach at Hillsborough. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here.
They say the star spent more than $75m (£59. 6m) on 14 homes and needed 12 storage facilities to house his collection of Hollywood memorabilia. The Management Group are countersuing Depp after the Pirates of the Caribbean actor sued them for $25m (£20m). Depp, they claim, is "fully responsible for any financial turmoil" he faces. "He has refused to live within his means, despite. . .  repeated warnings about his financial condition," their countersuit claims. Their legal action, obtained by the Deadline website, also accuses the actor of spending:Last month, Depp claimed The Management Group owed him more than $25m. His lawsuit also alleges the company failed to file him taxes on time, costing him $5. 7m (£4. 5m) in penalties. Depp's latest legal tussle comes in the wake of his divorce to Amber Heard, which was finalised in January after months of wrangling. The 53-year-old will be seen later this year as Captain Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents.  If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Comparisons will inevitably be made with the legendary centre and former Irish captain.  After all, Ringrose wears the number 13, played for Blackrock, UCD, Leinster and didn't start his rugby career as a centre. But the 22-year-old new kid on the block appears destined to make a name for himself and his entry into the Six Nations fray is keenly anticipated. Ireland coach Joe Schmidt was careful not to throw Ringrose into the international arena too early.  But the emerging player is regarded as a young man with a mature head in his shoulders, someone well equipped to handle hype and huge media attention. But, what makes him so special? What are the qualities that had O'Driscoll himself calling for the Leinster lad to be included in Ireland's last Six Nations campaign?"He has been anointed the next Brian O'Driscoll.  Brian was similar at that age, efficient and solid," says Eddie O'Sullivan, Ireland's coach from 2001 to 2008. "Garry's trademark is he is incredibly efficient.  Young players make bloopers, but he doesn't make mistakes.  It's important to remain calm under pressure and then when your opportunity comes, you take it. "Brian didn't make mistakes and then he stepped up.  No-one expected him to score a try in Paris in 2000, but he scored three. "Then no-one expected him to score that try against Australia for the Lions a year later, but he did.  These are the moments.  They came to him and he took them.  Then he kicked on, kept improving. "Ringrose made his senior Ireland debut in the autumn international against Canada last November, a week after being an unused replacement in that historic win over the All Blacks in Chicago. He then scored his first international try in the exciting 27-24 win over Australia in Dublin. Ringrose played his school rugby for Blackrock College in Dublin, although when he joined the senior side, he wasn't seen as one of their better players. Hopping from number nine to 15 and not being offered a permanent position, he kept his head down and eventually an injury opened up a spot at 13. After the switch, he remained their kicker and his points tally propelled Blackrock to the Leinster Senior Cup.  Suddenly people were asking who this guy was and he was off to UCD with a glowing reputation. Bobby Byrne, the Director of Rugby at UCD, recalls: "I first came across Gary in that run to the Senior Cup.  He wasn't overly recognised at that stage but suddenly he was having a significant impact for the team. He is the player I am most looking forward to seeing in this year's Six Nations. "He had composure, was an elusive runner and was really courageous.  He hadn't the biggest frame, but he had a good bit of pace to finish off. "He had, and still has, a great temperament.  He is a very balanced guy.  The rate of improvement since he has left school has been phenomenal. "He has improved every year and he's conscious that he always needs to improve, so his discipline on and off the pitch is great.  He has all the things that you need to succeed. "Former Ireland international backs Tony Ward and Jonny Bell are excited about what impact Ringrose can have on this year's Six Nations. Ward, who starred in a famous Munster win over New Zealand in 1978, says: "He showed us his mental strength in that Australia game last autumn. "With Robbie Henshaw injured and when Jared Payne came off, he went from being the third or fourth choice to a guy at the top of the heap. "He really stepped up and I just think he is an amazing talent.  He is the player I am most looking forward to seeing in this year's Six Nations. "Ulster man Bell knows a thing or two about spotting talent.  A decorated centre himself, he's now one of the coaches at Gloucester. Again, comparisons with other Irish 13s were impossible to avoid. "Everyone keeps likening him to Brian O'Driscoll.  He can find space, he's elusive and can break tackles. "He has good leg drive.  At this level, you have to have ability.  To work against these hard defensive systems, you must have that innate natural ability, and Garry has that in droves. "According to Bell, Ringrose definitely has the ability and mental strength to succeed, but those qualities need to be complemented by hard work. "He has a very diligent approach, and that is very important in the modern game," adds Bell. "If you look at the likes of Danny Cipriani, he had amazing ability but he hasn't really produced what he is capable of.  He's done well, but not hit the heights he maybe could have because of outside distractions. "By all accounts, Ringrose has the right mix to succeed at the very top level. If he keeps improving, that step up from first class to world class will seem to be a 'when' rather than an 'if'. Let's leave the last word to Girvan Dempsey who won 82 Ireland caps between 1998 and 2008 and is now Leinster's backs coach. "Dealing with him right from the off, even from 17, you could tell he was rugby-smart.  He just got it," said former full-back Dempsey. "He just bounces onto the training field.  And we're just constantly looking forward to seeing what's going to come next. "Garry loves expressing himself, and certainly we'd never, ever want to curb that in any way because it's so refreshing. "Hopefully he'll just keep getting better and better as time goes on.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Leinster back-rower has been out for a number of weeks with a calf injury but has taken a full part in training since Tuesday. Iain Henderson starts in the second row as Donnacha Ryan has been struggling this week with a knee injury. Ian Keatley is named as fly-half Paddy Jackson's understudy on the bench, which also includes winger Tommy Bowe. Media playback is not supported on this deviceRyan has been suffering from a niggling medial ligament injury and has not trained since Tuesday. "We wanted a bit more certainty about him but at the same time Iain has done a super job for us in the past," explained Ireland coach Joe Schmidt at the team announcement. Keith Earls and Simon Zebo start on the wings. Regular number 10 Johnny Sexton was ruled out of the Murrayfield match earlier this week as the calf injury he picked up in Leinster's Champions Cup game against Castres on 20 January has not yet fully healed. The 31-year-old has an "outside chance" of being fit to face Italy in Rome on 11 February, according to Schmidt. Sexton's unavailability leaves Ulster's Jackson to make his sixth start in eight games for Ireland, his last coming in the victory over Australia in Ireland's final autumn international in November. Munster flanker Peter O'Mahony is out with a hamstring problem so open-side O'Brien joins blind-side flanker CJ Stander and number eight Jamie Heaslip in the back row. Andrew Trimble's absence with a groin injury left Earls and Zebo as obvious choices to join full-back Rob Kearney in the back three, with Bowe getting the nod among the replacements ahead of Craig Gilroy or Tiernan O'Halloran. Garry Ringrose and Robbie Henshaw form the midfield pairing, with Conor Murray joining Jackson to make up the half-back partnership. Up front, the front row combination of Jack McGrath, Rory Best and Tadhg Furlong is retained, while Devin Toner joins Henderson at lock. Uncapped hooker Niall Scannell and his Munster front-row partner John Ryan are listed as replacements in preference to James Tracy and Finlay Bealham. BBC Scotland's Tom EnglishIreland's team is formidable, despite Johnny Sexton not being in it.  It's an illustration of their depth that Donnacha Ryan, a standout in the second-row in the victory over New Zealand, can't now get into the 23. Jared Payne and Jordi Murphy, two more heroes from that historic victory, are long-term injuries, but Ireland are still loaded with class, power and experience. Ireland: R Kearney; K Earls, G Ringrose, R Henshaw, S Zebo; P Jackson, C Murray; J McGrath, R Best, T Furlong; I Henderson, D Toner; CJ Stander, S O'Brien, J Heaslip. Replacements: N Scannell, C Healy, U Dillane, J Ryan, J van der Flier, K Marmion, I Keatley, T Bowe.
Brandon Lewis said he asked Avon Fire Authority to commission an independent inquiry into the claims, which the authority refutes, on at least two separate occasions last year. The government has since ordered its own investigation. The authority said its chairman will make a statement at its next meeting. A spokesman said: "The fire authority will not be making a comment today, but the chairman will be making a statement at the next meeting of Avon Fire Authority on Friday 10 February. "The allegations over the fire authority, which oversees the fire and rescue service, have not been detailed, but have been described as "serious and persistent" by the Home Office. Three senior officers left the authority in five years under "unusual circumstances".  The BBC also uncovered evidence of infighting. But the fire service chief, Kevin Pearson has maintained the allegations as "old and unfounded". Mr Lewis said the complaints, if well-founded "would indicate that the authority was failing in its duty to make arrangements to secure continuous improvement". Independent consultant Dr Craig Baker will lead the statutory inspection.  He has advised public sector organisations for over 30 years in the UK and overseas.
The 31-year-old former Newcastle United centre-back has joined the Championship side until the end of the season. And he was taken aback by an offer to clean his boots by a Town youngster. "I think that should happen at every football club, you earn your right and the respect of every first-teamer," Taylor told BBC Radio Suffolk. He has moved to Portman Road after spending the first part of the season in the United States with MLS side Portland Timbers, having left Newcastle in the summer after 268 appearances. He played under the late Sir Bobby Robson during his time at St James' Park, a legend at both Newcastle and Ipswich, and Taylor says there are similarities with the regime under Town boss Mick McCarthy. "What the boys do here brings back memories of Newcastle," continued Taylor, whose new side are currently 17th in the Championship table. "When you were a young lad you had to do certain jobs around the place, like the boots, shampoos for the first team, get the coffee, don't eat until the first team get here. "After the old heads left at Newcastle, it became a thing where the reserves don't do that any more. "I came in on my first day here and had a young lad come up to me and ask to clean my boots, and I said 'I'll do it myself', because I wasn't used to it. "It brings back memories of how a club should be run and that's how Mick McCarthy is and how it was with Bobby. "Following Tuesday's 3-0 home defeat by Derby County, McCarthy reiterated his desire to speak to owner Marcus Evans at the end of the season about his position as manager. "I've got a year's contract to run at the end of this season," said the 57-year-old.  "I have no intentions of going anywhere, but let me see, I don't know. "It depends how everybody feels about me come the end of the season.  It's not a particularly pleasant place for me either at the moment by the way. "I don't like turning that sort of performance out and the last thing I need is the abuse I get, so I will consider what I want to do.
Ball made just one replacement appearance after a rib injury picked up in October restricted his chances. "I'm really excited, there's been a lot of hard work gone in and some disappointments along the way" he said. The 19 stone seven Scarlets forward will partner Alun Wyn Jones at lock after Luke Charteris was ruled out. The hand injury suffered by Bath's Charteris and Bradley Davies' long-standing knee problem meant that Ball was the obvious choice to step in for the Six Nations opener against Italy in Rome on Sunday. Meanwhile, Newport Gwent Dragons forward Cory Hill sits on the bench ahead of uncapped Osprey Rory Thornton. The Wales camp are hopeful that Charteris will be available to face England six days later. Ball's only international start since the 2015 World Cup was in the friendly against England in May 2016. "In the Six Nations last year, I came in with an MCL (knee ligament injury), then in the autumn with my ribs as well, it's been a bit of a frustrating time for me and I hadn't hit the form I wanted to over the last year and a half" Ball told BBC Wales Sport. "I'm back playing a lot of rugby and I'm very excited to be playing [in Rome], there's always been a good log of second rows in the Wales set-up and it's up to me to put my stamp on the shirt. "Autumn on the sidelinesScarlets coach Wayne Pivac described Ball as a "man on a mission" with some fine displays over the Christmas and New Year period. That came after an awkward experience in November, when he made a brief replacement appearance against Japan but missed out to Charteris, Jones and Hill against South Africa. "Being [in the Wales camp] and watching the boys playing and not being involved is heartbreaking," he said. "You always want to be here and involved in some way, sometimes it even drives you a bit more seeing boys coming in and doing well. "New freedom for ItalyBall, who wins his 22nd cap in Rome, says Italy could be free to play more open rugby, conditions permitting, under new coach Conor O'Shea. "Conor O'Shea has brought something a bit different, he's freshened things up and they'll be a revived team," he added. "He was saying they've got the freedom to go out there and play, and teams like that are always dangerous. "Ball and Jones will be up against Treviso's Marco Fuser and his Scottish-born partner George Biagi, now with Zebre.
Manager Neil Warnock has made it clear he will give the midfielder time to mull over the new deal on offer. "If they want to consider it for a length of time, that is all right for me.  I think you have to show respect to Peter," said Warnock. Whittingham, 32, celebrated ten years at the club last month.  His current contract is due to expire this summer. Warnock said: "He has an offer on the table.  It is down to them now really.  I spoke to his agent again this morning on the way in. "I think we have to leave that down to Peter.  Obviously negotiations are to and fro, but the offer is on the table and will stay on the table. "I said to them I am not in a rush, the offer is on the table, I won't withdraw the offer. "Whittingham opened the scoring in the Bluebirds 2-0 win over Preston. He will be looking for the chance to add to his tally against Norwich City, in Saturday's Championship clash in the Welsh capital. Warnock has made it clear Wales international Emyr Huws and fellow midfielder Stuart O'Keefe are not in his long term plans. Huws went on loan to Ipswich on deadline day while O'Keefe also made a loan move to League One side MK Dons.
The casualty, who was with a group of paragliders, was airlifted off Slieve Gullion at about 15:00 GMT on Sunday. Mourne Mountain Rescue Team said the man had a "serious leg injury" and was taken to the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast. The team had been training in the Annalong Valley when the emergency call came at 13:43 GMT.Mourne Mountain Rescue Team, Belfast Coastguard, Irish coastguard, PSNI and the Northern Ireland Ambulance Service were all involved in the rescue. "A total of 22 members responded and the team stood down at 18:17 GMT," Mourne Mountain Rescue said.
There are currently five drop-in clinics in England for victims of the practice, which affects an estimated 200 million women and girls worldwide. But there is no such medical provision in Wales. Now charity Bawso is working to open a pilot clinic at the Cardiff Royal Infirmary to provide medical and psychological help to survivors. In 2014-15 Bawso supported 788 families affected by FGM in Wales which, according to the World Health Organization involves "the partial or total removal of the female external genitalia or other injury to the female genital organs for non-medical reasons". Bawso's violence against women director Dr Mwenya Chima said: "In the UK there are women's clinics for women who have had FGM, for medical and psychological help.  Survivors can just walk in and ask for help. "But in Wales we don't have any of that.  We are trying to make a case to health agencies that we need to have this kind of clinic, even if it is initially for one day a week for a year to see if there is a demand. "Dr Chima believes there is a big gap in the support provided, and that many survivors of FGM in Wales are not known about. She said: "I worked with a young women recently - a survivor of FGM - who wanted medical help as she was having problems.  Although she wanted help she was already in two minds about having anything done as she was going against her parents. "We tried to get her help from the clinic in Bristol, but there were delays because she was outside the area, so in the end it didn't happen and she is still living with these problems now. "The call comes as the world marks the international day of zero tolerance to FGM - a UN-sponsored event to raise awareness of the issue. Although it has been illegal to carry out FGM in the UK since 1985, there have been no successful prosecutions relating to the practice, which is carried out for cultural and religious reasons in certain communities.
7 February 2017 Last updated at 07:41 GMTNikki is also a vlogger and spends a lot of time on the internet. So for Safer Internet Day, we thought it was a great opportunity to speak to her about how she stays safe online and deals with "haters" who say nasty things. Check out her interview with Ricky to see what she had to say. . .
Bedene, ranked 51 places below Coric at 109 in the world, won 7-5 4-6 6-1 and goes on to face German fourth seed Alexander Zverev in the last 16. The Slovenian-born 27-year-old slipped out of the world's top 100 in a disappointing second half to 2016. Serbia's Marin Cilic and Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga are the top two seeds in Marseille.
Morton are well placed to secure a Championship play-off spot after Tuesday's 1-0 win at Raith Rovers. They were one of only two sides to earn a point at Ibrox in the league last season, and Duffy insists they will make it "as uncomfortable as possible". "[A Morton win] would be a monumental upset," he told BBC Scotland. "Rangers are a different proposition at Ibrox.  Even though they drew last weekend [1-1 v Ross County], their home form has been very good over the last couple of years under Mark Warburton. "The pitch, the expanse at Ibrox certainly suits the style they play.  But we will certainly go there with a bit more heart after last night [the win at Raith]. "The heavy pitch took its toll so we have to make sure we recover right and prepare tactically as well. "We will go there and try to make it as uncomfortable a day as we possibly can for Rangers.  If we play well, manage to stifle Rangers a little bit and keep the ball, we can frustrate them. "With last season's Championship winners Rangers 27 points behind Celtic in the Premiership, Duffy believes Warburton's side will place extra emphasis on Sunday's fifth-round tie. "The nature of being a big club like Rangers is the expectations are huge," noted the former Dundee centre-back and manager. "They know it is their only chance of silverware this season.  Celtic have already got the League Cup, and have all but wrapped up the league, so the only trophy available to Rangers and their supporters is the Scottish Cup. "That will be the main objective and target now which will make it doubly difficult for us because all their focus will be on that. "But we have got a job to do - to stay in the game and be difficult to beat.  If Rangers get a little bit nervous, and their fans get frustrated, then you never know.  But we have to be good enough to take advantage of those situations. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceMorton's victory at Stark's Park lifted them to within two points of second-placed Dundee United and nine off Championship leaders Hibernian, but crucially, nine points clear of fifth-placed Queen of the South in the battle for a play-off place. Duffy believes a prospect of a tilt at the title is unrealistic, insisting a play-off spot will be a significant achievement for the Greenock outfit. "If we get into the play-offs, we will be singing and dancing, there is no doubt about that," he added. "But it is still a long way away.  A lot of clubs will be challenging for that.  There will be clubs that can find a run of form and you can have a dip. "But the players showed terrific character to bounce back from a disappointing weekend [losing to Queen of the South] and it sets us up nicely for the Scottish Cup tie against Rangers.
The 21-year-old will help cover the loss of James Clare, who has a serious knee injury, and the release of Lee Smith from his contract. Naughton came through the academy at Bradford, and spent a year at Sydney Roosters before joining Hull in 2015. "Bringing in Curtis gives him an opportunity to catapult his career at the top level," said coach Neil Jukes.
The 78-year-old ex-Scotland international says several of his old team-mates are affected. He believes it is as the result of heading heavy footballs in the 1950s and '60s. "People of our era, the balls we played with were big, heavy things," he told BBC Radio 5 live. "To lift them up to take a throw-in you'd have to do special training, and the conditions we played in - snow, rain and mud - and we trained with these things as well, every day, heading practice as well. "Whether this problem of dementia hastens the end of your life or not I don't know, I'm not a medical person - but what I am saying is these were my pals, these were the guys I played with and they have got these problems. "St John believes football as an industry should help ex-pros with care costs and said: "If someone needs special care as a result of their career and their career was football, then football should pay for that. "The Football Association said it was committed to supporting research into degenerative brain disease among former players. St John's former Liverpool team-mate Geoff Strong, who won the FA Cup in 1965 alongside the Scot, died aged 75 from Alzheimer's in 2013 while last year it was revealed that three members of England's 1966 World Cup squad - Martin Peters, Nobby Stiles and Ray Wilson - have the condition. Former West Brom striker Jeff Astle died in 2002, aged 59, from brain trauma caused by heading footballs throughout his career. He was originally diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease, but a re-examination of his brain found he had died from chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) - a progressive degeneration caused by repeated head trauma. St John praised the work that Astle's family have done through the Jeff Astle Foundation, which aims to raise awareness of brain injury in all forms of sport. But he still believes the Professional Footballers' Association and other football authorities can do more to help former players and the families who are caring for them. "The game is awash with money, absolutely, so you can't turn round and say it's a finance thing," said St John, who played 336 times for Liverpool, scoring 95 goals. Last year, the FA said it wanted world governing body Fifa to investigate whether former players have dementia as a consequence of playing the game and added that it took concerns about concussion and head injuries "extremely seriously". "In 2015 we established an expert panel which led to the publication of the FA concussion guidelines," it said. "The expert panel further agreed that research is particularly required into the issue of whether degenerative brain disease is more common in ex-footballers. "The FA is determined to support this research and we have recently agreed with the PFA to jointly fund and support this research as we believe that a collaborative approach will strengthen the credibility and resource available.
John Kelly, whose brother Michael was killed in the 1972 atrocity, said the march was a "deliberate insult" to the people of Derry. Veterans for Justice UK expect about 100 former soldiers to take part in a march through the city next month. Organisers said it was to highlight "injustices against soldiers". Mr Kelly said the march by British Army veterans on 4 March "must not be allowed to happen". "Clearly, this is an act of pure provocation and is totally insensitive to the nationalist population.  It's a deliberate insult," he said. "Its organisers should think carefully about the effect this could have on bereaved families here, families still reeling from the crimes of the past, not to mention the ordinary citizens of this city. "Thirteen people were shot dead on 30 January 1972, and a 14th victim died later, after troops opened fire on a civil rights march. Speaking on behalf of the Bloody Sunday Trust, Minty Thompson said holding the march in Derry was a "deliberately provocative act". "This city has clearly been chosen because it was the scene of one of the most horrific acts of state violence in our history, Bloody Sunday, and because soldiers who were involved in that event, who shot down innocent and unarmed people on our streets, are at long last being investigated for their actions," he said. The Northern Ireland branch of the Veterans for Justice UK group was established in December 2015. Anto Wickham, who is organising the Derry march, said their aims were to protect soldiers serving in Iraq and Afghanistan facing "false prosecutions". "If soldiers break the law then they face the rigours of the law and rightly so, and it's the same as it should be for any other member of the community," he said. "But where's the investigation into my colleagues and friends who were murdered? It just seems to be forgotten about. "The former Royal Irish Regiment soldier added the marches were planned in 2016 as part of a larger campaign to put pressure on the government. Mr Wickham said he was "upset" by suggestions the march was planned to raise tensions in the city. "I understand the families and the victims are still really hurt and they want prosecutions. "If that's the case, and there is evidence, then you have to face the rigours of the law but that should also be the same with the IRA."The prosecution of those involved in killings is a major stumbling block in efforts to deal with the legacy of Northern Ireland's Troubles. Last month, the director of public prosecutions for Northern Ireland said critics who accused him of treating former soldiers unfairly had insulted him and his office. Barra McGrory QC said he was mystified by claims he did not act impartially when he brought charges against a small number of ex-soldiers. Meanwhile, lawyers representing former soldiers facing prosecution have said they are being 'unfairly treated'.
The Gills had agreed to sign defender N'Gala, 27, after he left Eastleigh. However, he played for Barnet and Eastleigh earlier this campaign, and rules state a player cannot appear for more than two teams in one season. But National League club Dover say they have been allowed to sign him following talks with the Football Association and English Football League. N'Gala started his career at West Ham, and had spells at Stevenage and Portsmouth before joining Barnet in 2014. He became Eastleigh's record signing when they bought him from the Bees in November. The Fifa Players' Transfer rules came into force this season, and recently led to Leyton Orient winger Ulrich Nnomo's proposed move to Paris FC being cancelled. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
His death was announced in a tweet by talent agency Conway van Gelder Grant. Born in 1925, the Rada-trained actor performed with the RSC and starred in the first production of Equus in 1973 . The National Theatre also marked his passing on Twitter, calling him "one of the most highly-regarded actors of his generation". Other notable stage roles included the Fool alongside Paul Scofield in Peter Brook's 1962 production of Shakespeare's King Lear. He also travelled the world with a one-man performance of St Mark's Gospel and played a detective in Alfred Hitchcock's Frenzy. To many, though, he will be best remembered for his brief appearance as Q - here nicknamed Algy - in 1983's Never Say Never Again. "Now you're on this, I hope we're going to have some gratuitous sex and violence!" he was seen telling Connery's James Bond in the "unofficial" remake of 1965's Thunderball. The character Q has also been most recently played by Ben Whishaw, as well as Desmond Llewelyn and John Cleese. McCowen, who was made an OBE in 1972 and a CBE in 1986, is survived by his sister Jean, two nephews and two nieces. His partner, the actor Geoffrey Burridge, died in 1987. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents.  If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Centre-back Anderson, 27, has cancelled his Barrow contract by mutual consent to join their National League rivals. The ex-Aldershot and Exeter player, who has also played in Italy, could feature against his old club on 18 February. Striker Keating, 21, was recommended to Gulls boss Kevin Nicholson by ex-Port Vale manager Micky Adams. He has previously had spells with Sligo Rovers, Galway United and Finn Harps, with his move subject to international clearance. "Myles hasn't played a huge amount of games for a 27-year-old, but he is the stature, the voice, and is the leader-type I've been after. " Nicholson told BBC Radio Devon. "Ruairi is young, a little bit raw, but incredibly hungry to show what he's about. "The Gulls are currently four points above the relegation zone, and have won only one of their last six games. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The 19-year-old is in her second year of competition at the Federation Internationale du Ski (FIS) snowboard cross World Cup circuit. Qualification for PyeongChang 2018 depends on points accumulated from races during the season of the Games. The 2018 games' opening ceremony takes place on 9 February 2018 in South Korea. Potter, who is from Bangor, said: "It [the Winter Olympics] is definitely on my mind, I'm still part of Olympic qualification. "I am just taking every race one step at a time and I'm not getting too ahead of myself and I am aiming for that.  I just want to see how things turn out"I have still got time, I have still got a year to go. "She competes in Germany this weekend looking to improve on her season best finish of 26th place claimed in the USA on 21 January.
Sgt Brian Wood, who served in Iraq in 2004, told the BBC the allegations had been damaging to him and his team. IHAT's closure was announced after a lawyer in charge of many of the abuse cases was struck off for misconduct. Veterans minister Mark Lancaster said IHAT was set up for the right reasons but was "completely abused" by lawyers. Sgt Wood, who served in the 1st Princess of Wales' Royal Regiment told BBC Breakfast the Ministry of Defence said the government had "big lessons to learn". Talking about the Al-Sweady Inquiry into allegations against service personnel in Iraq, he said: "The allegations were of the highest order - unlawful killing, mutilation and mistreatment of prisoners of war," he said. "That just did not happen and I just don't know where they got the fuel from. He said the closure of IHAT was "good news". "We had holes in our system which were exploited. "Sgt Wood said it would have been better for the team to consider allegations in detail first before releasing them as part of a public inquiry. He said: "I can speak for me and my soldiers and what they've put us through for that period of time, it was damaging to a degree of careers, marriage split ups and also fuelling the fire of PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder) and the trauma that we had seen on the battlefieldâ€¦ just to get these allegations thrown at you is a bitter pill to swallow. "Former Army Captain Rachel Webster, who was arrested and questioned after a dawn raid in January 2014, said the closure of IHAT was "too little too late". She told ITV News: "I hadn't done anything.  I was humiliated and I will never, ever, forget it and neither will any other soldier or veteran that has had this done to [them] as well. "It has ruined lives.  It has destroyed me, literally destroyed me. "Mr Lancaster told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the government had a duty to investigate allegations of abuse, saying: "We can't simply sweep things under the carpet. "Without IHAT, he said, UK troops could have been subjected to inquiries by the International Criminal Court, but he said the decision to close it now was "positive". IHAT was set up in 2010 to examine allegations against UK servicemen and women made by Iraqi civilians. But on Friday, the Ministry of Defence said the unit, described by the Commons defence committee as an "unstoppable self-perpetuating machine, deaf to the concerns of the armed forces", would be shut down in the summer and its remaining cases handed to the Royal Naval Police. It came after Phil Shiner, from the now-defunct law firm Public Interest Lawyers, was struck off for misconduct last week after he was found to have acted dishonestly in bringing murder and torture claims against Iraq war veterans. As a result, IHAT's caseload would be slashed from 3,000 to 20 cases by the summer, the Ministry of Defence said. More than 3,500 allegations of abuse have been taken up by the team since 2010, despite many cases not having any credible evidence, said the Defence Committee report. It described a "catalogue of serious failings", including service personnel and veterans being contacted unannounced and covert surveillance apparently being used on serving and retired members of the armed forces. The Ministry of Defence said the department had done its "utmost" to support those under investigation, which included funding all their legal costs, providing pastoral support and tackling issues in the legal process. It had been unable to shut down IHAT sooner because the investigations had been under scrutiny by the High Court and the International Criminal Court, it added. The unit has cost the UK taxpayer Â£34m so far, but costs were predicted to reach nearly Â£60m had it remained active until 2019.
It is believed to have been spotted by a member of the public at about 09:30 on Saturday. Searches of the river have been carried out since 41-year-old Bryan Cowie was seen in the water near Dumfries town centre on Sunday. The recovery operation was carried out with the assistance of members of Nith Inshore Rescue. A police spokesman said: "We received a report of a male's body lying within the River Nith near to Kingholm Quay, Dumfries about 9. 30am this morning. "With the assistance of Nith Inshore Rescue the body has been recovered and conveyed to Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary. "No further details can be released at this time. "A spokesman at Belfast Coastguards added: "We were asked to help assist police with the rescue of the body. "We have no information about his identity et this time.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceSadio Mane scored twice in the space of 138 seconds as second-placed Spurs disappointed at Anfield. "If you start a game like we start then it is very difficult," said Pochettino. "It is difficult to fight for the Premier League if you show that lack of desire to play for a win. "Chelsea can extend their lead at the top if they beat Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday, and Pochettino added: "If Chelsea go 12 points clear, it is a big problem. "Spurs have won just twice on the road since 24 September, including defeats at Chelsea and Manchester United in addition to draws at fellow top-six rivals Arsenal and Manchester City. In their past 17 meetings with the other top-six sides away from home, Pochettino's team have won just once. "In the first 45 minutes you saw a team that is not ready to fight for the Premier League," the Argentine told BT Sport. "We are in a position that is up to us.  But if you show like today that you cannot cope with the pressure then it is difficult to challenge and fight for the Premier League. "Former Liverpool and Spurs midfielder Danny Murphy on Match of the Day"I couldn't believe what I was watching, they had the best defensive record last season and the joint best this year, but they were all over the place.  Against the big sides they have played with a back three but they had a back four today, but I think they should have stuck with what they have done against the big sides - play with a three. "It was so unlike Spurs, they do so well at home, but the contrast is amazing.  There's a lack of pace, and a different mindset when they go away from home.  They have to improve and quickly.
The 32-year old, who has won 12 caps for his country, has been signed to provide injury cover. Ospreys tight heads Dmitri Arhip and Ma'afu Fia are currently sidelined and Rhodri Jones is in the Wales squad. "Brian has proven quality at the top level and will add so much experience to the squad, particularly over the coming weeks," coach Steve Tandy said. Mujati has played in Super Rugby with Lions and Stormers, in Top 14 in France with Racing Metro, and in England with Northampton Saints and Sale. At Northampton Mujati was a losing Heineken Cup and Premiership finalist, and an Anglo-Welsh Cup winner. Ospreys Head Coach, Steve Tandy, said he is expecting Mujati to make a big impact. "This is an important signing for us given the injury situation with Dmitri and Ma'afu.  Our performances this season have put us in a really strong position but we still have eight PRO12 games to go, and a Challenge Cup quarter-final in April," he said. "In Rhodri Jones and Daniel Suter we have two young men who will be heavily involved but we can't go through such a big run of games with only two fit pro tight heads on our books, particularly with Rhodri still a part of the Six Nations squad and potentially away on Wales duty.  It's a critical position and we felt that we had to act now.
Holders Hibernian or Hearts will host the winners of another replay, between Clyde and Ayr United. Celtic, already League Cup winners, will entertain Championship side St Mirren and Partick Thistle travel to Aberdeen in the two clear-cut ties. Rangers host the winner of the replay between Hamilton Academical and Championship side Dunfermline Athletic. Media playback is not supported on this deviceIt means the Premiership's top three sides have been handed home ties in the quarter-finals to be played over the weekend of 4/5 March. The other hosts will be either Hearts, sitting fourth, or last year's winners after the Edinburgh rivals drew 0-0 at Tynecastle on Sunday. Championship leaders Hibs also played their neighbours at the same stage last season, winning a replay at Easter Road, and went on to beat Rangers in the final. Last season's runners-up won the last of this weekend's fifth-round ties, edging out Championship outfit Greenock Morton 2-1 in Glasgow. Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Ibrox side, presently under caretaker manager Graeme Murty after Mark Warburton's departure on Friday, will find out their opponents on Tuesday, when Premiership rivals Hamilton entertain Dunfermline. League Two outfit Clyde host Ayr of the Championship on the same night, while Hibs host Hearts the following Wednesday. Premiership leaders Celtic will be strong favourites to progress having been drawn at home to St Mirren, who are currently bottom of the Championship. Aberdeen, sitting second in the top-flight, host Thistle in an all-Premiership tie. Aberdeen v Partick ThistleCeltic v St MirrenHearts or Hibernian v Ayr United or ClydeRangers v Dunfermline Athletic or Hamilton AcademicalTies to be played over the weekend of 4/5 March.
Shahid Tarafdar, 45, was hit by a Peugeot 307 on Stockport Road at about 15:45 GMT on 7 February.  He was taken to hospital but later died. Michael Joyce, 21, from Reabrook Avenue, Manchester has been charged with perverting the course of justice. Both have been remanded to appear at Manchester Magistrates' Court later. The teenager has also been charged with a number of other driving offences including driving whilst disqualified, failing to stop and report a collision and using a motor vehicle without insurance.
Zimbabwe's nine-wicket defeat by Group A winners India on Monday ensured Ireland's place in the top three. The Irish lost to India and hosts Sri Lanka but beat Zimbabwe and Thailand. Ireland retain their one-day international status by making the Super Six, from which the top four qualify for the World Cup this summer. Sri Lanka finished second in the group while tournament favourites India boasted a 100% record from their four games. Ireland are are also joined in the Super Sixes by South Africa, Pakistan and Bangladesh. Their next game is on Wednesday when they face Bangladesh, before taking on Pakistan on Friday and South Africa two days later. Zimbabwe required a victory over India in Colombo, along with a significant improvement to their net run rate, to overtake Ireland and make the last six. Ireland completed their group matches on Saturday with a 46-run win against Thailand, who ended bottom of the group. Kim Garth hit an impressive 98 and Laura Delany added 50 while seamer Lucy O'Reilly took 3-28.
Laws, 26, had been training with Arsenal but has decided to remain in the north east by swapping Sunderland for WSL 2 club Durham. She will fill in for regular goalkeeper Helen Alderson, who is going to Africa for a three-month charity work stint. "It's a club going in the right direction," Laws said.  "I can't wait to start with a new club. "She continued: "Obviously it is a bit strange for over 10 years but it's a challenge I'm looking forward to getting started with. "The Newcastle-born keeper played 18 games for the Lady Black Cats last season, where she has played the majority of her career barring a loan spell at Liverpool in 2013.
Met Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe told an audience at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) that firearm officers needed greater public support. He also revealed that despite a push for more armed officers, there were not enough people willing to do the role. Sir Bernard is retiring after more than five and a half years in the post. During the speech, the Met's commissioner said public pressure on firearm officers had meant "we simply don't have enough people now wanting to do these jobs". "This a dangerous place to be. . .  we can't afford to have officers think twice because they fear the consequences of shooting someone". "That's how they get shot or the public gets hurt or a criminal gets away with a gun," he said. Sir Bernard also stated that armed officers did not fire a shot at a suspect in more than 3,300 incidents involving firearms in 2016. "It's an urban myth that officers are trigger-happy," he said. The Met has said it will increase firearm officer numbers by 600, with more than 400 extra staff trained or selected to date. According to a staff survey, nearly half of Met Police officers believe more officers should carry guns.
All examples of this group, known as the Archosauromorpha, lay eggs. This led some scientists to wonder whether there was something in their biology that prevented live births. But examination of the fossil remains of a very long-necked, 245 million-year-old marine reptile from China revealed it was carrying an embryo. Jun Liu, first author of the new study in Nature Communications, told BBC News that the animal would have measured between three and four metres long, with a neck that was about 1. 7m long. The embryo may have been around half a metre long and is positioned inside the rib cage of the adult Dinocephalosaurus fossil, which was discovered in 2008 in Luoping County, Yunnan Province in southern China. Researchers had to consider whether the smaller animal might have been part of the adult's last meal.  But it's facing forward, whereas swallowed prey generally face backwards because predators consume the animal head first to help it go down the throat. Another line of evidence in favour of the live birth idea is that the small reptile inside the mother is clearly an example of the same species. Co-author Prof Mike Benton, from the University of Bristol, told BBC News that the fossil was important because the Archosauromorpha form one of three large groupings of land-based vertebrates (backboned animals), each including about 10,000 species. Since we now know that no fundamental biological barrier to live births exists in this group, palaeontologists would be "looking very closely" at other fossils.  He suggested one target would be a group of aquatic crocodile relatives - whose mode of reproduction was not well known. Prof Liu, from Hefei University of Technology in China, said the discovery pushes back evidence of reproductive biology in the archosauromorphs by 50 million years. The mode of reproduction in Dinocephalosaurus also points to how the sex of its offspring was determined. Co-author Prof Chris Organ, from Montana State University, added: "Some reptiles today, such as crocodiles, determine the sex of their offspring by the temperature inside the nest. "We identified that Dinocephalosaurus, a distant ancestor of crocodiles, determined the sex of its babies genetically, like mammals and birds. "Prof Benton explained: "This combination of live birth and genotypic sex determination seems to have been necessary for animals such as Dinocephalosaurus to become aquatic. "It's great to see such an important step forward in our understanding of the evolution of a major group coming from a chance fossil find in a Chinese field. "The possibility that an eggshell once surrounded the embryo but was not preserved in fossilisation could not be ruled out, said Prof Benton.  But living Archosauromorphs all lay eggs very early in embryonic development, whereas this embryo is very advanced, with well developed bones. Furthermore, the team says Dinocephalosaurus's long neck and other features of its anatomy suggest it could not have manoeuvred easily out of the water, meaning a reproductive strategy like that of turtles - which lay eggs on land before returning to the water - was probably not an option. Follow Paul on Twitter.
The 19-year-old was taken off in the 15th minute at Vitality Stadium after appearing to pick up the foot injury. City said in a statement: "He will undergo further examinations in the coming days to establish the extent of his layoff. "The Brazil international, who completed a £27m from Palmeiras in January, has played five times for City. Jesus was hoping to become the third City player to find the net on each of his first three Premier League starts, having scored at West Ham and two against Swansea. The other two players to have achieved that feat are former striker Emmanuel Adebayor and and current midfielder Kevin de Bruyne. Metatarsals are the five long bones in the forefoot which connect the ankle bones to those of the toes. The first is linked to the big toe and the fifth, on the outer foot, links to the little toe. Together, the five metatarsals act as a unit to help share the load of the body, and they move position to cope with uneven ground. Injuries usually occur as a result of a direct blow to the foot, a twisting injury or over-use. Medical experts recommend rest with no exercise and sport for four to eight weeks. The patient might be asked to wear walking boots or stiff-soled shoes to protect the injury while it heals. If the cause is over-use, then treatment can vary hugely.  Training habits, equipment used and athletic technique should all be investigated. It all depends on the damage and which metatarsal bone is involved.  It is impossible to put a timescale on recovery from a stress injury. With an impact fracture, after the plaster and protective boot is not needed (usually after four to six weeks), it will be a case of exercise and increasing weight-bearing activities. Ice packs, strapping and even the use of oxygen tents can be used to assist recovery. Full return to action can be anything from another four weeks and upwards - depending on the extent of initial damage.  Young bones heal quicker.
Rachid Lamrabet, 42, who lives in London, denies sexually assaulting a 25-year-old man at Greyfriars Kirk, on 26 August 2015. The judge said the case was being deserted after a matter arose and he heard legal submissions. He added that there were "good reasons" for the move. The trial had only just begun at the High Court in Livingston on Monday. Dismissing the jury members, judge Lord Woolman told them: "In the light of submissions made to me I regret that I'm going to discharge you as a jury and continue this case until tomorrow. "I'm not in a position to tell you the exact reasons for that all I can tell you is that there are very good reasons. "I very much regret that this has happened, but sometimes matters occur which are outwith our control. "I regret and I'm sorry for any inconvenience caused to you. "Mr Lamrabet, is accused of engaging in consensual sexual activity with his alleged victim but ignored him when he was told to stop. The charge states that he seized the younger man by the body, pushed him to the ground and raped him to his injury. English is not the accused's native language, and a Spanish interpreter sat with him in the dock so he could understand the proceedings.
Steven McIvor, 32, was one of two thieves who targeted the Letterbox Bistro in Balerno Main Street and stole Â£2,000 and 5,300 Euros on 26 February 2016. McIvor, from Edinburgh, was found guilty after trial. His co-accused Eddie Moffat, 27, was acquitted of the robbery charge on a not proven verdict. The owner of the post office/bistro business Steven Carlyle, 55, said he was talking to his son when he became aware of two men entering the premises. He told the court: "Then the language got worse and they demanded money.  They were demanding all the money from the till and the Euros. ""The thieves had scarves over their mouths and each was armed with a knife. Mr Carlyle said he pressed an alarm that was supposedly inaudible but turned out to be audible.  He said: "That's when they started getting very agitated. "One of the intruders became very aggressive and a knife was thrust through a gap in a Perspex screen. Mr Carlyle said: "They were swearing all the time, telling us to 'hurry up, get the money, get the cash'. "At the High Court in Glasgow Lord Kinclaven jailed McIvor and told him: "You assaulted Mr Carlyle, who was behind the counter.  There was no physical injury, but it must have been a frightening and traumatic incident for those in the post office at the time. "The court was told McIvor, who has 17 pages of previous conviction, had a drug problem. None of his previous convictions were for violence. Det Insp Graham Grant, of Police Scotland, said: "Steven McIvor showed no regard for the welfare of the member of staff during this robbery. "Thankfully a swift policing response involving uniformed officers, CID, road policing and specialist Police Scotland resources ensured that he was traced and detained quickly. "Crimes of this nature will not be tolerated when they occur and we will use all resources at our disposal to bring those responsible to justice.
The 22-year-old won the BBC's Women's Footballer of the Year Award in 2015 before joining Arsenal from Liverpool. She helped the Gunners win the Women's FA Cup at Wembley in May 2016 and was recently awarded the African Women's Player of the Year Award. She also played for her country at the 2015 Women's World Cup in Canada.
BBC Wiltshire report the 23-year-old forward left Sixfields before kick-off, having been told he wasn't involved in the squad for the League One match. Head coach Luke Williams said the matter would be dealt with "in house". The Robins are in the relegation zone after five straight losses, four points from safety, with 14 matches remaining. Swindon have won three, drawn four and lost 11 of their 18 games in all competitions since Tim Sherwood's appointment as director of football on 10 November.
He complained that Dawn Bowden referred to "Goebbels-like propaganda from the right-wing media" in a recent debate. He claimed Eluned Morgan "trivialised suicide" when saying Brexit would "slit the wrists of the Welsh economy". Mr Davies has written to Presiding Officer Elin Jones asking her to remind AMs to use more appropriate language. "There is a danger that the aggressive nature of debates on the subject of Britain's vote to leave the European Union is likely to worsen any tensions which exist in Welsh society," Mr Davies said in his letter to Ms Jones. "Whatever we may feel individually and collectively about the result we all have a responsibility to conduct that civic discussion in a rational manner and with respect. "An assembly spokesman said the presiding officer had "received this correspondence on Friday afternoon and will reply to the Leader of Welsh Conservatives soon". In response, Ms Bowden said she stood by what she said, criticising the way the "right-wing press" has portrayed recent issues such as immigration. She added: "If he [Mr Davies] has a problem with that then my view would be, he is being over sensitive. "Ms Morgan have been asked to comment.
Gloucester have played away from their Meadow Park home since a flood in 2007. In September, planning permission was approved to permit initial work on building a new ground for Gloucester. The University of Gloucestershire-based All Golds, who are in the third tier of rugby league, currently play in Cheltenham but want a permanent home. All Golds president Lionel Hurst told BBC Radio Gloucestershire: "We have met with those who own the club. "We can see that it makes considerable sense.  We will need to have more meetings. "We are a long way from getting over the line on this, but watch this space.  We are constantly seeking our own permanent base for the club. "Rugby league and football are very good friends throughout the land.  It would be a very significant partnership if it happened.
PSA, which includes Peugeot, wants to buy General Motors' loss-making European arm, which includes Vauxhall plants at Luton and Ellesmere Port. There are fears that the deal could lead to job losses. Carlos Tavares, boss of PSA Group, is also set to hold talks with Unite union leader Len McCluskey. The company said it was engaged in a "constructive dialogue" with all parties. Vauxhall employs 4,500 workers at the two UK plants, with thousands more involved in its retail and components chain. A Downing Street spokesman said a request for a meeting with Mr Tavares had been received, adding: "The meeting will take place, in principle, subject to diary availability. "Unite general secretary Mr McCluskey said he was pleased Mr Tavares had "responded speedily and positively" to his request for a meeting to discuss Peugeot's intentions. He said he would use the meeting to press the case for the UK's "world class facilities and workforce". Apart from meeting the prime minister, PSA will also see Germany's Angela Merkel.  It could end up like a corporate beauty parade as Britain and Germany hope to persuade PSA not to shut factories in their respective countries. That's now a real possibility after General Motors said this week that it was in talks to sell its European brands of Opel and Vauxhall to PSA.European car manufacturers have far more production capacity than they need and PSA will probably want to consolidate its factories if it acquires GM Europe. Vauxhall's factories in Ellesmere Port and Luton are both very efficient, but they could face export tariffs when Britain leaves the single market, and probably the customs union, in two years - making those plants unviable. PSA said it was engaged in a "constructive dialogue" with all parties in the bid for GM's European division, which includes German-based Opel as well as Vauxhall. A spokesman said: "Our intention is to establish the same maturity in our exchanges in France, Germany and the UK."This is why Carlos Tavares has asked to meet Theresa May as it was done with German authorities. "David Bailey, professor of industrial strategy at Aston Business School in Birmingham, told the BBC that a deal would not be straightforward. "I think it's inevitable if this deal goes ahead that there will be plant closures.  The plants in the UK look particularly vulnerable because of flexible labour markets and uncertainty over Brexit," he said. "So the government I think at some point will have to cut a deal with Peugeot, as it did with Nissan, over things like skills, innovation, rebuilding the supply chain. "And basically, what Nissan got, whatever it was, every other car producer in the UK will be looking for as well.
Lukasz Robert Pawlowski, 33, stabbed himself before Haverfordwest magistrates on 11 January. On Monday, his case at Swansea Crown Court was adjourned for sentence until 6 March.  He was remanded in custody. Pawlowski, from Pembroke Dock, admitted possessing a knife and confirmed his earlier guilty plea to sexual assault. Stuart John, defending, told the court Pawlowski, who spent six weeks in custody after his re-arrest at Swansea's Morriston Hospital, had not yet been assessed by psychiatrists. Judge Paul Thomas said a report on the defendant was needed to assess his actions but "unfortunately" one could not be prepared for two weeks. During the incident last month, witnesses were shocked when Pawlowski started making "frantic jabs" at his neck after returning to the dock from going to the toilet. Paramedics were called and he was airlifted to hospital with what the ambulance service described as "serious" injuries. Pawlowski appeared via video link for Monday's court hearing. Judge Thomas said: "I don't want you to spend any more time in custody than you have to.  But I can't make any promises.
Google confirmed the plan to the BBC's Newsround programme, saying it wanted to focus on "formats that work well for both users and advertisers". Long unskippable adverts are seen as a nuisance by many viewers, and Google has introduced shorter formats. One media agency said the move reflected the difference between online video and linear television services. "The 30-second ad is a legacy from TV times," said Will Smyth, head of media at the Agenda21 agency. "It's a standard TV unit which has been put online, but it's not the most effective way to advertise. "This will encourage advertisers to be more creative about the way they use the platform. "Many other websites, including the BBC's international offer, feature unskippable 30-second ads on video content. "Demand from advertisers for video content is high, but there's a shortage of quality content," said Mr Smyth. "It's good business for everyone to focus on 'skippables' - people aren't forced to sit through ads, and advertisers don't need to pay if their ad is skipped.
But the former Scotland midfielder insists that he can turn the Cumbernauld outfit around despite only one win in 12 games. "Of course I can," the 39-year-old manager told BBC Scotland. "But, if we have any aspirations about getting into the play-offs, we need to win on Saturday. "With Forfar Athletic eight points clear of Arbroath at the top, Clyde slipped 15 points behind third-placed Elgin City when they were trounced 4-1 away to the Moray outfit on Saturday. The Bully Wee are also 11 points behind this weekend's hosts, who sit in the final play-off spot. Ferguson's side do have three games in hand over Annan, but Montrose and Berwick Rangers have also overtaken Clyde during their run of nine league games without a win. "It is tough," admitted Ferguson, who previously had a spell as caretaker manager with Blackpool.  "Listen, it's easy to walk away, but I am there fighting and we'll get into the play-offs. "Clyde have played fewer games as a result of a run to the fifth round of the Scottish Cup that ended last midweek after they lost 2-1 in extra-time at home to Championship outfit Ayr United. "We had a long game on Tuesday night - went into 120 minutes and into extra-time, but I'm not going to use it as an excuse," said the Bully Wee boss, whose side were praised for their display against the full-time visitors. "We try to do everything properly, the recovery - we went and got protein shakes, recovery shakes, we took them up the night before, which we normally don't do because it is a bit of a cost to the club. "But it just wasn't good enough.  I'm not going to mix my words.  I told them after the game. "Ferguson, who had a long playing career in the top flight in Scotland and England, has often expressed his frustration at managing part-time players. "On Tuesday night, Ayr United scored the winner in extra-time," he said.  "I had four guys who were going straight from that game to night shift for eight or nine-hour shifts. "I take my hat off to them as a realise now how difficult it is. "But that's why we do a pre-season and we should should be fit enough to play three games in a week.
Victory lifted the Shrimpers up to fifth, while Posh have only won six of their 17 home league games this term. "If you don't believe you're going to get there [to the play-offs] you never will.  My belief won't stop until it's mathematically impossible," he said. "We're five points off the play-offs.  It's not a lot with 13 games to go. "He continued to BBC Radio Cambridgeshire: "I know we've just been thrashed at home, but we need to continue to support each other.  All I can do is apologise to the fans after the performance. "I always take the blame when we lose and I'll do it again now.  It's down to me why the team lost.  What we've got to do now is stand up like men, puff our chests out, come back on Saturday and produce a win. "Two goals from Marc-Antoine Fortune set the Shrimpers on their way to victory at the ABAX Stadium, while Tom Nichols scored the only goal for ninth-placed Posh. However, McCann has received positive news regarding Gwion Edwards' knee injury, picked up in Saturday's defeat by Walsall. "It'll be seven or eight weeks instead of seven or eight months.  We feared the worst to be honest, but we got the good news it's not too serious. "He's been top drawer this season, he's got a great attitude and he's a tough little cookie.
Tight-head Rae, 22, has committed himself to the Warriors until May 2019, having joined in 2013. Fellow Scot Bhatti, 23, has agreed professional terms with Glasgow for next season. The loose-head has spent most of this season playing for Premiership side Melrose but has featured three times for the Warriors. "It has always been a dream of mine to be a professional rugby player, so I'm really happy to have signed a contract with Glasgow," he told Glasgow's website. Rae previously had spells on loan at London Scottish and Benetton Treviso and has been capped up to Scotland Under-20 level. "Glasgow is my home club and all my family are here and I'm enjoying it," he said. "I want to play well for my club and if I got the opportunity to play for Scotland one day, that would be a bonus. "Sixth in the Pro12, Glasgow visit third-placed Ospreys on Sunday.
Four US tourists and an Australian pilot died after their light plane came down on a shopping centre on Tuesday. It had just taken off from the small Essendon Airport, which reopened on Thursday.  The nearby shopping centre remains closed "until further notice". Safety officials said they would investigate with "an open mind" and make a preliminary report next month. The victims were pilot Max Quartermain and passengers Greg Reynolds De Haven, Russell Munsch, Glenn Garland and John Washburn, four men from Austin, Texas, who were on their way to Tasmania's King Island for a golfing trip. Greg Hood, chief commissioner of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), said four investigators would examine the scene for several days. "We're very much in the gathering of evidence phase," he said. Police said the flight appeared to have had a "catastrophic engine failure" before Mr Quartermain gave two mayday calls. However, Mr Hood said investigators would make no assumptions. "We'll look at maintenance records, the history of pilot, the history of aircraftâ€¦ at this very early stage, we're not going to speculate in relation to any specific part of the investigation," he said. The West Australian newspaper reported the Beechcraft B200 King Air plane recently passed a safety check. The inspection by industry regulator Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA) found no issues with the plane or pilot, the newspaper said. Mr Quartermain was investigated by the ATSB over a near mid-air collision in September 2015, but he later passed a series of proficiency tests set by CASA.Victoria's Premier Daniel Andrews said the crash on Tuesday was state's worst in 30 years.
Ronaldsway Airport has been closed due to a plane not being able to taxi off the runway following its unsuccessful attempt to fly to Belfast. The Isle of Man Steam Packet Company cancelled the 08:45 GMT Douglas to Heysham ferry and the 14:15 return. The Manx Met Office said strong winds were expected to hit the island throughout the day. Director of Ports Ann Reynolds said the plane had been unable to land in Belfast and had returned to the island, and that all passengers on board had been "returned to the airport by bus". She added that the pilot landed safely but decided the winds were too strong to taxi back to the airport. Citywing tweeted that all flights to and from the island were "cancelled for today" and the airport said it would remain closed until 13:00. A spokesman for the ferry company said the 19:45 service was expected to depart as scheduled. The strong winds have also brought trees and power cables down across the Isle of Man affecting motorists. Isle of Man Constabulary have shared pictures on social media of fallen trees and damage to the roof of the power station in Douglas. A police spokesman said the south of the island was "worst affected". "Trees are coming down all over the island, so please do not travel - if you have to travel, keep journeys to a minimum," he said. The Isle of Man Met Office has issued an amber weather warning and also warned of heavy rainfall at times throughout the day.
sportscotland says it has yet to decide where the cuts will fall amid concerns that elite athletes could suffer. The cuts are being blamed on reduced government spending and a drop in National Lottery ticket sales - a major contributor to sports backing. Governing bodies are bracing themselves for potential job losses. About 60% of funding is made up from Scottish Government money, with lottery sales making up the rest. In the year ending 2015, total revenue was £65. 1m, which is divided up and awarded to 52 sports. By the end of next year, that figure will have fallen to £51. 8m - a cut to the Scottish sporting budget of 20% in just three years.sportscotland chairman Mel Young said: "It's heartbreaking to me because I know the effort the sport governing bodies and the community that's around it; the volunteers and the mums and dads. "And, to have to say that we're having to cut some money back is, I believe, not the right way to go. "Former badminton player Susan Egelstaff, a double bronze medallist at the Commonwealth Games [in 2002 and 2006] and an Olympian, fears the cuts will have "a huge impact". "What that means in the future is that Scotland will be constantly playing catch-up," she said.  "It's almost impossible to catch up if you fall too far behind the leading nations. "The Scottish Government said sport and physical activity play a "key role" in a healthy Scotland and that "significant" investment would continue in those areas. "Having successfully delivered the Commonwealth Games [in 2014] we are now focusing on protecting or raising investment in areas intended to decrease health inequality and improve life chances, and the small reduction in the sport budget allows us to support those priorities," Minister for Sport Aileen Campbell said. "There is on-going support for active lifestyles through capital investment in cycling and walking, and over the last 10 years we have invested £168m in sport infrastructure - from grassroots to the elite performance which has increased the facilities and opportunities to get people active and achieve on the world stage at both the Olympics and Commonwealth Games.
The County Down school led 0-9 to 0-4 at half-time and extended their lead to six points by the conclusion. Rian O'Neill top-scored for the winners with 0-7, while Cian McConville contributed 0-2.  Tiernan Kelly recorded three points for St Ronan's. St Mary's Magherafelt and St Paul's Bessbrook must replay their semi-final. The schools played out a 1-12 to 1-12 draw in the opening semi-final at the Dub on Wednesday and are set to meet next week at a venue still to be finalised.
It is showcasing the huge amount which can be achieved by adults with learning difficulties and children with complex needs. The "We Can" project has held exhibitions at the Senedd, Houses of Parliament and in 24 countries. Mold-based Same but Different is behind it and everyone involved has a learning disability. "Sometimes people make remarks that I can't do things and this makes you feel like you can't do it, but then I look back and realise that I can do things," said Scott Morris, 20, from Deeside. "I may learn a bit slower, but I can still do what you can do. "Scott said his dream is to become a farmer and, if he does not achieve it, he will be "really sad". Kate Siseman, 36, from Buckley, who has Down's Syndrome, has enjoyed doing an office and media course. She said: "I love the fact you can listen to music while you type because it helps me clear my mind out. "If I had to describe myself I would say I was smart, friendly, caring, kind and very sociable. "Other people involved include Paige Bedford, aged 19, from Bagillt, who is on the autism spectrum. She said: "Having a disability makes you unique, it makes you different from other people. "It sets you apart.   It gives you a hidden edge that you don't know you have until you discover it. "Photographer and founder of Same but Different, Ceridwen Hughes, said "The aim of our organisation is to use the arts to create greater awareness of the person behind disability.
The 22-year-old Algeria international moved to the German side on a season-long loan in August and has made 20 Bundesliga appearances. He has agreed a four-year deal with the Gelsenkirchen team, although neither club has revealed details of any fee. Bentaleb had made 66 appearances for Spurs since joining as a teenager.
The 58-year-old school principal from Dublin won 144 out of a possible 278 votes and was 98 ahead of his nearest rivals Sean Walsh and Frank Burke. Horan will take over from current president Aogan O Fearghail in 2018. "Aogan is the president for the next 12 months so I'll support him and learn from him as best I can," said Horan at Croke Park. The other candidates for the post were Martin Skelly with 22 votes while 20 went to Robert Frost. This weekend's annual congress will be dominated by new championship proposals in football and hurling. The plans put forward by GAA director general Paraic Duffy include completing the All-Ireland Senior Championships by the end of August. Also included is a new round-robin format for the All-Ireland SFC quarter-finals, which would mean more games. This proposal has proved particularly controversial in recent weeks. Both the Gaelic Players' Association and recently formed Club Players' Association have come out against Duffy's plans, although not necessarily for the same reasons. Ostensibly, the main reason for these mooted changes is to try and ensure more regular games for club players but there is a certain  amount of bafflement as to how this can be squared with the motion to have a round-robin stage in the All-Ireland Football quarter-finals. The new club players' body has been angered after the GAA's top brass refused to grant it a speaking platform at the Croke Park gathering. However, that may change at further annual gatherings of GAA delegates if a motion for the club players' body to be officially recognised is passed in Dublin. All the indications are that the votes on both the so-called new 'Super Eight football round' and the proposal to bring forward the All-Ireland finals will be exceptionally close, with a two-thirds' majority required for the format changes to be tried for a three-year period. To make matters even complicated, congress will also hear a number of motions calls from the two-thirds majority to be scrapped, with one call suggestion a simple majority and another calling for the figure to be lowered to 60%. Inevitably, those motions will require a two-thirds majority to be passed. Going into the weekend, Croke Park's desire for replays to be scrapped - in favour of extra-time - in all championship games bar provincial and All-Ireland finals looks likely to be comfortably passed. At last year's congress, motions to move All-Ireland Finals to earlier in the year and scrap replays were both defeated, although the finals proposal fell narrowly short after getting support from 60. 8% of delegates.
Joe Murphy's scrambled early goal was the ideal start for Down and they led 1-8 to 0-6 at half-time. With Caolan Mooney starring, the Mournemen extended their advantage to six midway through the second half. Meath reduced Down's lead but they home side held on after a nervous finish. Down went into the game propping up Division Two after disappointing opening defeats by Fermanagh and Clare. County secretary Sean Og McAteer felt compelled to release a length statement on Thursday night denying reports of unrest within Eamonn Burns' squad and Saturday's win will be a huge boost for the management. After hammering Derry at Navan two weeks ago, Meath were favourites heading into the Pairc Esler contest but the Mournemen produced a performance of grit and determination to chisel out the vital Division Two victory. Murphy's goal, as he flicked a mishit Darragh O'Hanlon free past Paddy O'Rourke, was the perfect start for the home side as they were never headed in the contest. With midfielder Peter Turley putting himself about and former under-age star Mooney producing his best game in the Down senior jersey, the home side pushed on from leading only 1-1 to 0-3 to move five ahead by the interval. O'Hanlon slotted three first-half frees while the impressive Conor Maginn, Barry O'Hagan (two), Ryan Johnston and Aidan Carr also got on the scoresheet for Down in the opening period. Fresh from his Sigerson Cup heroics with St Mary's, Kevin McKernan also excelled in the opening period for the Mournement as Meath laboured, with free-taker Donal Lenihan hitting three of their points. A McKernan point extended Down's lead to 1-11 to 0-8 by the 52nd minute after a great block at the other end by Carr had prevented Brian Menton for netting a Meath goal. After their struggles in recent times, it was not a surprise to see Down attempting to hold on to their lead in the closing stages and Meath, helped by the introduction of the speedy Eamonn Wallace, reduced the margin to three by the time the game entered injury time. Inevitably, there was a late scare for Down as Lenihan aimed for goal from his last-gasp 13-metre free and the ball skimmed off the crossbar over for a point before the final whistle was blown seconds later.
Tandridge District Council leader Martin Fisher gave planners a shortlist of five areas for such a scheme. He said one new Surrey village is better than "scatter-gunning" homes and cramping the current infrastructure. But Andrea Watson from Lingfield Parish Council said it will not solve infrastructure problems and there has been "poor local consultation". Areas around Godstone, Blindley Heath, Redhill Aerodrome, Chaldon and Lingfield are all in the running under the new Local Plan. The district is 94% greenbelt and Mr Fisher said the council cannot meet the government's housing targets without building on some of it. In January, the government announced Longcross as the site of one of 14 garden villages across the country. Councillor Fisher said: "The key is infrastructure.  If you do the scattergun approach you may put 300 houses somewhere and that might deliver you half an extra classroom. "Whereas if you put 4,000 house in a new village you can actually plan the proper infrastructure in for the village [and] it's relieving the pressure on the health centres and the schools in other parts of the district. "But Mrs Watson claimed most people interested in the new homes will be London commuters, where the most pressing housing shortage lies, and so "London needs to solve the problem it is now trying to devolve to us". She added: "The new settlement will not solve the infrastructure problems, and the infrastructure will not come until many houses have been built, if it comes at all. "The site chosen will depend on which can deliver the best mix of able housing, infrastructure gains and highways opportunities.
A police source told the BBC that an infiltrator from the Taliban had allowed militants into the police station in the regional capital of Lashkar Gah last night. The infiltrator fled the scene with the Taliban, he said. A spokesperson for provincial governor Omar Zuak confirmed the incident, but did not provide details. No group has officially claimed responsibility. Lashkar Gah has come under increased pressure from the Taliban in recent months. The city of 200,000 people is seen as strategically important, and the key to holding Helmand province. The province is both a fertile farming region and a centre for opium production, bordering Pakistan on one end and covering major routes between cities. Thousands of people fled the rural areas to shelter in Lashkar Gah last August, before the city itself came under attack in October. The city was previously the scene of heavy fighting between the Taliban and Nato-led forces before their withdrawal in 2014.
The FTSE 250 company said this was due to customers switching less between savings and current accounts because of low interest rates. The news overshadowed the 16% rise in annual profits to Â£73. 5m that the company reported for 2016. Another big faller in the FTSE 250 was transport group Go-Ahead. Its shares dived nearly 14% after the company warned of lower-than-expected full-year profits, partly due to the disruption caused by strikes on Southern rail services. Go-Ahead owns a 65% stake in Govia Thameslink Railway (GTR), which runs the Southern rail contract. Half-year profits at Go-Ahead fell 11. 7% to Â£67m, and the company said its results had been "significantly impacted by a reduction in rail profitability due to losses from our GTR franchise, as a result of ongoing industrial action on Southern". The benchmark FTSE 100 index gained ground during the afternoon after spending the morning in the doldrums.  At the close, it was up 10. 44 points at 7,263. 44. The biggest riser in the FTSE 100 was support services group Babcock, which rose 7. 1% after issuing a positive trading update. On the currency markets, the pound dipped 0. 13% against the US dollar to $1. 2427 and was 0. 4% lower against the euro at 1. 1707 euros.
Eileen Maguire, 69, died after the three-car crash on the Belfast Road in Fivemiletown in November 2013. Her family told BBC News NI that they were disappointed with the sentence. Damien Maguire, 43, from Knockonny Road, Ballygawley, pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving. He also admitted causing grievous bodily injury to Mrs Maguire's husband and son, as well as his own wife. The judge told Mrs Maguire's family "nothing I can say or do can bring back Eileen Maguire". In all of the circumstances the Dungannon Crown Court judge said he was "left with the firm view" that justice could not be served by a custodial sentence. The court had also heard that Mrs Maguire, the owner of a restaurant from Lisnarick, was being driven home by her husband and son after attending her brother-in-law's funeral in Belfast. Earlier, the judge told Maguire that while he had no "visual cue" in the eight to ten seconds before the crash, he had seriously failed to appreciate that the cars in front "were getting closer and closer and closer" regardless of "whether or not brake lights were illuminated". The judge said that as a result, "there was a serious head-on collision" and such were the injuries of Mrs Maguire, she "unfortunately passed away". Prior to the tragedy, said the judge, Maguire "lived an absolutely blameless life, he has succeeded in business, and contributed to the community, engaged in charitable work". Reading from a statement written by Maguire, his lawyer acknowledged he could "never turn back the clock", and accepted there was nothing he could do to mitigate the loss of Mrs Maguire. "I am deeply sorry for the pain and anguish I have caused that family," read the statement.
The 37-year-old made 64 appearances for his country, including three at the 2006 World Cup, and is Poland's most-capped goalkeeper. Boruc has been mainly used as a back-up keeper to Lukasz Fabianski and Wojciech Szczesny in recent years. "It has not been an easy decision for me and has been one that I've taken incredibly seriously," he said. "However, after much thought and consideration I feel that now is the right time in order to focus fully both on my family and club career at AFC Bournemouth.
Figures obtained by BBC Scotland show Borders hospitals spent £3. 18 per day per patient on meals and snacks. Other health boards such as NHS Ayrshire and Arran and Dumfries and Galloway spent a similar amount. NHS Grampian spent £3. 50 per day which it said broke down as 94p for each of the two main meals and £1. 62 for snacks and drinks. Nutritional expert Prof Mike Lean said: "There must be a lower limit below which quality will be sacrificed in a variety of ways. "Meal quality has a number of elements: it has to look good, taste good, texture must be good and it has a biological importance - so it must be nutritionally good. "A spokeswoman at NHS Ayrshire & Arran said the board provided patients with "high quality and nutritionally-balanced meals, based on a wide menu choice, at an average cost of £3. 20 a day". She said food and drink was bought through national procurement contracts to get the best deals possible. NHS Lothian said its spent an average of £3. 82 per patient across its hospitals, but costs ranged from £2. 70 to just over £5. A spokeswoman said: "We are constantly working to harmonise products, recipes and methods to reduce this cost range. "It is important to note that, in this case, cost is not a reflection of quality since St John's hospital kitchen provides our cheapest meals but is widely recognised for the high quality meals served. "Public Health Minister Aileen Campbell said: "We have a set of very rigorous nutritional guidelines that we expect all boards to adhere to. "There will be differences in terms of price but we do expect that the nutritional guidelines will be adhered to. "The figures also found that some hospitals were sourcing 50% of their food from abroad. Twelve out of 14 health boards said they were importing chicken from Thailand and carrots from Belgium. Conservative MSP Brian Whittle started asking questions in parliament last year about where patients' food comes from. He said public sector procurement needed to be looked at by the Scottish government. "The massive disparities in local sourcing, spending and food waste across health boards in Scotland is deeply concerning," Mr Whittle said. "If health boards are choosing to ignore high quality, local food in favour of cheaper alternatives from overseas, they're making a false economy. "He added: "Eating healthy, high-quality meals when you're in hospital can make a big difference to your recovery. "If patients aren't eating well, they can't get well. "A spokeswoman at NHS Ayrshire & Arran said: "To help reduce waste, we ask patients to choose their next meal as close as possible to the meal time - for example, at breakfast, patients choose their lunch. "This means that our rate of unserved meals is, on average, 3%, well below the recommended 10% target for waste. Shetland health board said catering staff were always working to reduce food waste but that it was sometimes unavoidable due to factors such as high fluctuations in bed occupation and delayed discharge. Greater Glasgow and Clyde NHS board said it was a challenge to control food waste but action was being taken to ensure it was not too high. A spokeswoman for Glasgow said in recent years it had invested £10m to create two new kitchens which "cook fresh, nutritious, healthy food supplied to all our hospitals". She said: "The move to two new kitchens ensured all meals are now produced locally and brought to an end the contract with Tillery Valley in Wales which previously supplied freeze-cook meals to Glasgow Royal Infirmary. "The reorganisation also saw the closure of a number of older hospital kitchens, which were no longer fit for purpose and were being under-used.
The 24-year-old, capped 32 times by England, has been out of action since November with a knee injury. However, it is understood his recovery has progressed quicker than expected. Vunipola could now be in contention to face Scotland on 11 March, or Ireland a week later. He was one of England's outstanding performers throughout their unbeaten year of 2016, and his ball-carrying and dynamism has been missed by Eddie Jones' side. There were initial fears Vunipola would miss the whole of England's Six Nations title defence, but it is understood he has looked sharp on his return to full training this week, and is targeting a quick return to international rugby. Vunipola's older brother, Mako, recently made his own comeback from a knee problem, and came off the bench in the win over Italy.
The Welsh beat Moldova 4-0 in their first qualifier, but drew against Austria, Georgia and Serbia. Chris Coleman's side are third in Group D, four points behind the Republic, who are top. "We've been unlucky where we've drawn a few games we felt we should have won," Burnley's Vokes told BBC Radio Wales. The side finishing top qualify automatically, with eight of the nine second-placed teams facing play-offs to reach next year's World Cup in Russia. Vokes added: "We've been apart for a few months, but if we can look back and take confidence from the last few performances, then I definitely think we can get the right result out there. "The 27-year-old knows they must win in Dublin to boost their chances of qualifying for a first World Cup since 1958.  He says Real Madrid forward Gareth Bale and Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey will provide welcome relief after struggling with injuries this season. "It's good news for the team.  They're two very important lads in our squad," he added. "It's great to see they are back in training and fit and ready to go. "Burnley travel to the Liberty Stadium on Saturday hoping to seal a win that could send them into the top half of the Premier League table. The Clarets lost against Swansea City at home on the opening day and Vokes is aware of the threat they pose given their recent return to form. "We know that if we don't get the right result down there then it closes the gap for us [on the relegation zone]," Vokes said. "It's important that we get the right results in the next few games to keep that distance between us and the bottom three.
It looks pretty likely that the cross-party amendment on giving Parliament a final vote on the Brexit deal will be pushed to a division. And so will the Lib Dem amendment to give people what they call "a final say on the final deal" and what others call a second referendum.  Potentially there could be further votes on issues like the Brexit implications for Northern Ireland. The expectation is that the amended bill will get its Third Reading on Tuesday evening. . . .but the ritual of Parliamentary ping-pong, where the Bill then bounces between the Lords and Commons until its final form can be agreed, will have to be postponed for a while. The opportunity for the Commons to accept or - more likely - reject the changes made by peers will be blocked by the debate on the Budget, which will occupy the Commons into the following week. So there will be a week or more for the pressure to build on MPs before they vote on the issue - and during the interval the Commons Brexit Select Committee will publish a report on the rights of UK and EU citizens (on Sunday) in good time to influence the vote. It's a sign of the times that Brexit could eclipse what's normally a highlight of the Parliamentary year, but there will be plenty to watch out for in what will be the last full-scale budget in March.  Next year it will be downgraded to a mere "Spring Statement" with the Budget moving to the autumn. First up the forecasts for government debt, with the Treasury continuing to seek further austerity savings across government.  Second, whether there will be an injection of extra funds to defuse the row over business rates, and third, whether the government will put more money into adult social care, and maybe even signal a long term review of the system. The Westminster buzz is that the public finances are in better shape than expected - but that any spare cash will be stashed away in a Brexit war chest, rather than spent now. Elsewhere, there's important action on the Children and Social Work Bill, where the government has delighted cross-party campaigners by bringing forward amendments to make relationship educations (emphatically not sex education) compulsory at primary school level. Cross-party pressure from family values campaigners like the influential Conservative backbencher, David Burrowes, and supporters of extended sex education like the Women and Equalities Committee Chair, Maria Miller, and Labour's Sarah Champion, appears to have secured its goal. Both groups were persuaded that a new approach was needed to tackle the problem of sexting and sexual harassment in schools. And the government may also be tested on a couple of issues on the Higher Education Bill, where there are two days of Report Stage consideration in the Lords. The Commons opens at 14. 30 BST with Home Office Questions - and then watch out for any ministerial statements or urgent questions at 3. 30. In particular, the Culture Secretary Karen Bradley is expected to update MPs on the proposed merger between Sky and 21st Century Fox, which has now been formally notified to the European Commission. An earlier attempt at this was withdrawn during the 2010 Parliament, in the wake of the hacking scandal, and the issue remains highly sensitive. She must decide by 17 March 17 whether to ask the regulator, Ofcom, to carry out a public interest test. Then MPs move on to the Second Reading debate of the Vehicle Technology and Aviation Bill - this aims, among other things, to create a legal framework for insuring automated vehicles, because at the moment the law does not provide for them, require fuel retailers to provide charge points for electric cars, and create a new criminal offence of shining a laser at any means of transport. There's also a separate draft bill to create a UK spaceport, which will go out for pre-legislative scrutiny by the Commons Science and Technology Committee. In Westminster Hall at 16. 30 GMT MPs debate e-petition 129823 which says that dress code laws should be changed so that women have the option to wear flat formal shoes at work, if they wish, arguing that "current formal work dress codes are out-dated and sexist". In the Lords at 14. 30 GMT the usual half hour of questions to ministers is followed by the first Report Stage day on the Higher Education and Research Bill.  Expect votes on tiered Higher Educational establishments - gold, silver, bronze universities. Watch out too for a short debate on recent legislation on assisted dying in North America; and whether those laws provide an appropriate basis for legislation in England and Wales, led by Labour's Baroness Jay of Paddington. This suggests that the Lords assisted dying lobby have not entirely given up following the defeat of Rob Marris's bill in the Commons, last year. MPs begin at 11. 30 GMT with Justice Questions, followed by a Ten Minute Rule Bill on the Queen's Sapphire Jubilee from the Conservative, Andrew Rosindell. The day's main event is the Report stage of the Children and Social Work Bill (see above).  The Conservative Sir Edward Leigh has fired in an amendment to the sex and relationship education proposals, to allow a parent to request that their child be wholly or partly excused. Labour MPs are also proposing new clauses to ensure that children in care are allowed reasonable contact with their siblings, and to revoke provisions in the Bill that enable local authorities in England and Wales to place children in secure accommodation in Scotland, and vice versa. There are a battery of amendments on child safeguarding issues including a big cross-party amendment on requiring regular reports by local councils on their ability to provide proper safeguarding services for children. In Westminster Hall, the debates are on: beer duty (9. 30 GMT); the Coast to Coast Walk (11. 00 GMT); the O'Neill review into antibiotic resistance (14. 30 GMT); the sale of student loans (16. 00 GMT) and social care in Liverpool (16. 30 GMT). My Committee pick is the Home Affairs session, with Rob Wainwright, the Director of Europol on policing and security issues across the EU and Britain's role, post-Brexit (14. 15 GMT). This is a key Brexit issue, and one where the Prime Minister has made clear her enthusiasm for continued British participation in Europol. In the Lords, peers open for business at the earlier than usual time of 11. 00 GMT to provide extra debating time for the Report Stage consideration of the European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill  - breaking off, briefly, at 14. 30 GMT for their usual half an hour of questions to ministers. After the Report Stage, three hours of Brexit breathing space is provided while the amended version of the Bill is knocked into shape.  During this interval there will be a 90 minute debate on the economic and environmental benefits of shale gas development in the UK, led by the former trade minister Lord Truscott. And then there may be an adjournment for a while, before peers can return to the European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill, for the Third Reading debate.  This is normally a rather sonorous formality, but may not be on this occasion. . . . The Commons opens at 11. 30 GMT with Welsh Questions followed by Prime Minister's Questions at noon.  And then it's onto the Budget (see above). The day's Westminster Hall debates are on: financial support for apprentices (9. 30 GMT); compensation and the Pandemrix vaccine (11 GMT); the proposed ban on microbeads (14. 30 GMT); extension of the right to buy to tenants of housing associations in Bedford (16. 00 GMT) and broadband speeds (16. 30 GMT). In the Lords at 16. 00 GMT it's the second Report Stage day on the Higher Education and Research Bill.  There will also be a short debate on the UK's exports strategy. MPs open at 09. 30 GMT with Exiting the European Union Questions, followed by the weekly Business Statement from the Leader of the House - before moving on to day two of the Budget debate. In Westminster Hall, from 13. 30 GMT, there's a debate on the Scottish Affairs Select Committee report on the Demography of Scotland and the implications for devolution. This looks at the policy problems posed by the combination of Scotland's slower population growth, its ageing population and lower life expectancy, particularly for health and care services, potentially increasing the demands on NHS Scotland and Scottish social care services in the future. At 15. 00 GMT the subject is human rights and the political situation in Turkey. In the Lords at 13. 00 GMT, the main event is the Second Reading of the Criminal Finances Bill which aims to tackle money laundering, terrorist finance and corruption the UK and overseas, in the wake of the Panama papers revelations of industrial scale tax avoidance. The National Crime Agency estimates that up to Â£90bn may be laundered in the UK each year.  The Bill was criticised in the Commons for failing to include penalties for companies which permitted their staff to facilitate money laundering, or do more to reveal the beneficial owners of assets, or deal with the lack of corporate transparency in Britain's crown dependencies and overseas territories. That is followed be a debate to mark International Women's Day. The Lords meets at 10. 00 GMT to debate the detail of a series of private members bills from the Commons.  First up will be the Second Reading of the Preventing and Combating Violence Against Women and Domestic Violence Bill - which incorporates the Istanbul Convention into UK law. Next the Committee stage of the Homelessness Reduction Bill - which puts new obligations on local councils to help and advise people who have lost their homes or are in danger of doing so.  Then there's the Committee stage of the completely uncontroversial Parking Places (Variation of Charges) Bill - which gives local authorities more flexibility over parking charges. And finally there's a Second Reading debate on the Political Parties (Funding and Expenditure) private members' Bill [HL] from the Lib Dem, Lord Tyler. Just as the Lib Dems overtook Labour in donations for the first time ever in the final quarter of 2016, his Bill would gradually take down the maximum amount a political party can accept from any one person in a year to Â£10,000 by 2026.
Oliseh, 42, who stood down as Super Eagles coach in February 2016, previously played for Dutch giants Ajax from 1997 to 1999. Since arriving at Fortuna Sittard two months ago, the former Nigeria coach has steered the club away from the relegation zone with only one defeat in nine games.it's a good challenge because there is no better way to show that you're good at this job than to pick a team that is really struggling with really unknown players"That is great for us.  And the boys keep improving.  We're picking up points home and away.  So I'm very pleased with the results" Oliseh told BBC Sport. Oliseh, who also played for Juventus and Borussia Dortmund during his club career, earned 63 caps for Nigeria. He says his biggest challenge at Fortuna Sittard has been working on the team's confidence. "It was the psychological aspect.  Trying to get the players to get a winning mentality.  Trying to change the psychology and make them believe in their qualities and try to get the best out of them.  That was the most difficult challenge" said Oliseh. The Nigerian's last coaching position had been with his country.  He says Fortuna Sittard posed a completely different task. "Here, it's like I had to start from zero.  We practically started everything again.  How we defend, how we ball-position, how we counter-transition, how we attack.  All this I had to do it from zero.  And the weather didn't help me.  We didn't have the facilities, like sometimes we had snow.  But when I see the commitment the players have put into it, it's good. "Oliseh had also previously coached Belgian lower tier side Verviétois, and he says the Fortuna job was one he could not refuse. "It's very close to my home.  So I can come home and see my kids and my wife every day. "And it's a good challenge because there is no better way to show that you're good at this job than to pick a team that is really struggling with really unknown players. "And it was a big risk but I felt that if I could bring them results then it becomes clear that you know your job.  And so far I'm very grateful to God that it's working out that way" explained Oliseh, who helped Nigeria win the 1994 Africa Cup of Nations and Olympic gold in 1996. Oliseh says working abroad is important for all footballers and urged Nigerian stars to embrace opportunities in China. He also says the Dutch league is perfect for Nigerian players to learn their craft. "I think it's a league that suits us because Nigerian players are more technical and explosive.  And this is a league where a lot of expression is allowed.  There's room to play, there's room to attack.  And a lot is done here based on tactics. "Nigerian striker Taiwo Awoniyi currently plays for Dutch side NEC Nijmegen, and Oliseh says it was good to catch up with the 19-year-old recently. "He's one of the players I like very much.  He's a very good player.  I've met him and I've seen him play.  Running into him was really nice.  I'm a Nigerian first.  And I have my country in my heart.  So when I see a kid from Nigeria, it's warm. "Oliseh has been monitoring Nigeria's chances on the global stage and is optimistic about their chances of qualifying for the World Cup in Russia in 2018. After leaving his post as coach of the Super Eagles, Oliseh worked at Fifa on their new technical committee.  He says the door remains open for him to continue his work with football's world body. "I tried to arrange with them that if I'm not working here and there's an event and Fifa needs my services, that I can be available.  But at the same time, I love coaching.  I love working with young players.  I like seeing them grow and getting results, so it's good.
Police closed the motorway in both directions near East Midlands Airport to allow "a clear flight path" for the plane, which landed safely on Saturday. Traffic was stopped between J23a and J24 at 21:30 GMT for about 20 minutes. East Midlands Airport said the closure was "precautionary" after a Jet2 flight with 153 people on board alerted them to a suspected malfunction. A spokeswoman for Jet2 said flight number LS670 called for assistance on its approach to the airport after the pilot noticed a "fault indication". She said the flight landed safely before being inspected. Highways England, which manages the motorway, tweeted to alert motorists to the "aircraft emergency" and motorway closure. In 1989 a Belfast-bound British Midland flight crashed on the M1 near Kegworth, Leicestershire, killing 47 people, as it diverted to East Midlands Airport.
The 79-year-old was held on Monday on suspicion of murdering 14-year-old Elsie Frost in October 1965. Elsie was stabbed to death in a tunnel beneath a railway line in WakefieldThe BBC understands the arrested man is Peter Pickering, who was first questioned in connection with the murder in 2016.  He was arrested near Newbury, in Berkshire. More stories from across YorkshireThe man is also being questioned in relation to an unconnected allegation of a rape and kidnap in 1972. Elsie was murdered as she walked home from her school's sailing club, close to the River Calder and the Calder and Hebble Canal. The West Yorkshire Police Homicide and Major Enquiries team re-opened its investigation into her death after a series of reports on BBC Radio 4. Mr Pickering was originally arrested in September before being bailed.  Police said he had been re-arrested after fresh evidence was uncovered. The allegations of the 1972 rape and kidnap are understood to have emerged during the course of their investigation into Elsie's death.
Another user in the dark web - a hidden part of the internet where guns, drugs and child abuse images are traded - alerted police, a spokesperson said. The boy's body was subsequently found in the cellar of a house in Herne, North Rhine-Westphalia. Police say the 19-year-old suspect may be armed. Searches are being carried out in towns near Herne, which lies in the Ruhr area, a heavily industrialised region. Reports say the suspect, who is on the run, is a martial arts enthusiast.
Revenues rose 18% to £1. 55bn last year, with underlying operating profit jumping 44% to £330m. But after the costs of last year's merger between Paddy Power and Betfair were taken into account the company reported a loss of £5. 7m. Analysts at Liberum said the company's performance in the final quarter of 2016 had been "disappointing". "It seems likely that operational challenges will continue around the performance of cross-sell to sports customers and the investment required to stimulate growth," Liberum said in a research note. Overall, the FTSE 100 closed lower, having traded higher for much of the sessions, losing 10. 75 points, or 0. 15% at 7,339. 37. "Markets remain becalmed for yet another day, hampered by a lack of data and a general wariness ahead of the ECB [European Central Bank] on Thursday, NFPs [US employment figures] on Friday and a Fed meeting next week," said Chris Beauchamp, chief market analyst at IG.Shares in Direct Line fell 2. 9% after the insurer reported a fall in full-year profits due to changes in the way that compensation payments are to be calculated. Pre-tax profits fell 30% to £353m, with changes to the payment formula cutting profits by £217m. In the FTSE 250, shares in Aggreko sank 11% after the temporary power provider said it expected profits to fall this year. On the currency markets, the pound fell 0. 29% against the US dollar to $1. 2203 and was also 0. 27% lower  against the euro at 1. 1535 euros.
The 34-year-old was in intensive care in a Swiss hospital and an MRI scan detected bleeding on the brain. His mount Boomerang Bob was brought down and fatally injured in the race. The Injured Jockeys Fund said: "In due course George will leave the intensive care area to the rehabilitation wing of the Wellington Hospital.
The 24-year-old tight-head is among the starting XV who are given a chance to redeem themselves after the 29-13 defeat by Scotland. Asked if he was relieved to be retained, the Exeter Chiefs player replied: "Oh yeah. "Obviously you want to keep your place and after a loss everyone was on edge. "Francis continued: "It's good we've got a good squad and a good depth especially in my position. "There's Samson [Lee] there's me and there's Rhods [Rhodri Jones] and there's Scott Andrews. "If you don't have a good game there's someone knocking ready to do anything to take your place. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceWales go into Friday night's match in Cardiff off the back of defeats by Scotland and England. Another defeat will mean it would be Wales' worst championship since 2010 and Francis accepts the players have something to prove at the Principality Stadium. Francis says he has managed to avoid the worst of the criticism aimed at the team in Wales because he plays his club rugby in the south west of England. "It's a bit like a fishbowl isn't it," he said. "When the game doesn't go how you want it's quite hard not to take that personally especially if you look at the press. "I guess I'm lucky in the weeks after the losses I've been back in Exeter. "I didn't have to stay here and I sort of managed to get away from that and focus on something else and then come back into it. "It's not a nation is it? It's a little part of the south west and there's only a few papers that will print anything about the rugby, but here it's all over the news.
Bissouma penned a professional deal with the northern club only in July 2016, four months after joining the reserves from AS Real Bamako. The 20-year-old, whose previous deal ran until June 2019, says he is very happy at Stade Pierre-Mauroy. "In football, when you put in the work you always get rewarded," Bissouma told the club's website. "I still have a lot of progress to make.  I want to give myself every chance of doing that and fulfilling my objectives. "The first is to keep the club in Ligue 1, and then I would also like to win a trophy with Lille. "Bissouma has scored once in 17 appearances for the club since making his debut against Toulouse in September 2016.
9 March 2017 Last updated at 17:03 GMTThe 19-year-old from Dublin is a competitive runner - but her chronic epilepsy means she has around 16 seizures a day, often during races. When other competitors see her fall to the ground, they naturally believe she needs to go to hospital - even though she normally recovers immediately and in her case, there's no need for medical intervention. Even though she's grateful for the public response, all Katie wants to do is carry on running. When she told the neurologist who's treating her condition, he offered to become her running partner - and together they've become a marathon-running team.
Speaking at the UN, Mrs Clooney said IS had declared it will "destroy" the country's Yazidi ethnic group through murder, rape and forced conversions. The British-Lebanese human rights lawyer said IS was also attacking Christians, and Shia and Sunni Muslims. Mrs Clooney, who is based in London, accused the UN of "inaction". She said: "The UN was created as the world's way of saying 'never again' to the genocide perpetrated by the Nazis. "And yet here we are, 70 years later, discussing the UN's inaction in the face of a genocide that we all know about, and that is ongoing. "The UK is drafting a Security Council resolution to establish a UN investigation, but Mrs Clooney said the Iraqi government needs to send a letter formally requesting the inquiry before the 15-member council can vote. Mrs Clooney called for mass graves to be preserved and exhumed, and witness evidence to be recorded, even if it was not supported by Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who was present at the UN meeting. Mrs Clooney said the organisation should press ahead regardless. She ended her speech to the UN by saying: "Don't let this be another Rwanda, where you regret doing too little, too late.  Don't let Isis [Islamic State] get away with genocide. "Who, What, Why: Who are the Yazidis?Mrs Clooney, a barrister at Doughty Street Chambers, appeared at the UN in New York to represent victims including Yazidi genocide survivor Nadia Murad. Ms Murad told UN members: "I can't understand why you are letting IS get away with it. "Last year, the UN accused Islamic State for the first time of committing genocide against Yazidis in Iraq and Syria. A report said IS had subjected captured Yazidis to the "most horrific of atrocities", killing or enslaving thousands. At least 3,200 Yazidis were being held by IS, the report stated.
The move is part of Police Scotland's cost-cutting plan to centralise control rooms. If a decision is taken at a board meeting on 22 March it is thought likely that the centre will close quickly afterwards. SPA chairman Andrew Flanagan said he had been consulting widely on the move. He told BBC Scotland: "I think there are a number of local concerns about the closure.  It's important we take account of local concerns. "We need an assurance it's going to be effective.
Leading by 37. 2 seconds heading into the last stage, the Briton narrowly missed parked cars as he went off the road with under one kilometre left. However, he managed to quickly regroup as he finished 13. 8 seconds ahead of world champion Sebastien Ogier. "I'm a lucky boy.  I got caught out on a bump," said Citroen driver Meeke, 37. "Certainly one way to finish a rally. "Hyundai driver Thierry Neuville finished third, 45. 9 seconds behind Ford's Ogier. Leading by 30. 9 seconds after bossing the first two days, Meeke won Sunday's penultimate stage to extend his lead to 37. 2 seconds. That left him having to negotiate the final 21. 94km stage around Derramadero. The county Tyrone man's late mishap left him only seventh fastest on the final stage but it proved enough to clinch a crucial victory following his disappointing performances in the opening two events of the season. After being strongly fancied to contend for this year's title, Meeke crashed out in Monte Carlo and could only finish 12th in Sweden after another mistake. Meeke, who competed in the championship for the first time in 2011, earned his first WRC win at Rally Argentina in 2015 and took further victories in Portugal and Finland last year. The Northern Irishman's gamble of opting for hard compound tyres on Saturday's nine stages despite the threat of rain was crucial to his victory as he extended his lead to take firm control of the event.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceShakespeare was appointed Foxes manager until the end of the season on Sunday, having been caretaker boss since Claudio Ranieri was sacked in February. Leicester have won both of their Premier League games under Shakespeare. "On behalf of all the players we'd love to see him get the job long term," said Foxes midfielder Danny Drinkwater. "We were all very happy to see him get it short term - I'm sure it would be the same reaction longer term. "Shakespeare said the club would "have plenty of time in the summer to take stock and evaluate". Leicester host Sevilla in the second leg of their Champions League last-16 tie on Tuesday, trailing 2-1 from the first leg but with an away goal thanks to Jamie Vardy's strike in Spain. Asked whether Premier League champions Leicester could win the Champions League, Shakespeare said: "Why not? We're in it and we have to try to be competitive every game. "He added: "'I'm expecting the team to take the momentum from the last two results and really play off the front foot. "Shakespeare, 53, was Ranieri's assistant last season after being brought to the club by the Italian's predecessor, Nigel Pearson. He confirmed he had not spoken to Ranieri since his appointment was confirmed on Sunday but said there were "no grudges" between the two. "I bear no grudges, Claudio bears no grudges.  We have to try and move on as a football club," said Shakespeare. While caretaker boss, Shakespeare was backed by 92% of readers in a local newspaper poll to take over full time, following wins against Liverpool and Hull City. However, Shakespeare added: "If we'd have lost both games, it would probably have been 1-2% and that would probably have been my family.
The two leading Parisian clubs are planning to come together for the 2017-18 season. "It's a huge shock, there's a big rivalry in the derby games," Phillips told BBC Wales Sport. New Zealand legend Dan Carter leads Racing's list of stars while Italy's Sergio Parisse is on Stade's books. Stade Francais won the French Top 14 title in 2014-15 while Racing took over as champions the following year, though both are currently in the lower half of the division. Racing's new 30,000-capacity stadium is due to be completed later in 2017 while their rivals have updated and expanded their Stade Jean-Bouin home to take 20,000 fans in recent years. Phillips, now with Sale Sharks, played for Racing for two and a half seasons and said he did not believe the initial reports from Paris. "I'm massively surprised," he said. "The guys (at Sale) talked about it in training and firstly I said 'That's not true, it's just the French media' but it was for real. "Phillips won 94 caps for Wales and made five Test appearances for the British and Irish Lions before partnering Carter in the blue and white Racing colours. Wales colleagues Jamie Roberts, Luke Charteris and Dan Lydiate have also played for Racing. "Stade won the league two years ago, they beat us two or three times, then the following year we managed to win the league and our president Jacky Lorenzetti was thrilled," added Phillips. "Both clubs have got a huge history in French rugby and Stade Francais have won the title many times, they have a massive tradition just like Racing. "He says the rivalry even extended to where players were meant to live. "You weren't allowed to live in a certain area because that's where the majority of Stade Francais players lived and that was pushed by Jacky Lorenzetti, he was in control of that," he said.
The story of Akong Tulku Rinpoche was screened at the Samye Ling site he founded in Eskdalemuir. A Remarkable Life covers everything from his birth in Tibet in 1939 to his murder in China in 2013. Shortly before his death, he authorised the film to be made which was given its premiere in southern Scotland. Akong Rinpoche was installed as abbot of a monastery in eastern Tibet at the age of just four having been identified as the reincarnation of the previous abbot. When he was 19, with China having occupied Tibet and tensions between the countries at their height, he joined a freedom walk over the Himalayas to India. It took 10 months and of the 200 people who started, only 15 survived. Akong eventually made his way to the UK in 1959 and acquired an old farmhouse at Eskdalemuir where Samye Ling was founded in 1967. The film's executive producer Vin Harris told BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland programme: "I think they travelled around lots of places, there was a story that it kind of reminded them of Tibet. "There was someone there who was running a spiritual centre and he was ready to move on so they basically took it over. "They were very much welcomed, particularly in Dumfries, Rinpoche made his family life there and had very good friends here. "Samye Ling was the first Buddhist monastery to be founded in Europe and students later included David Bowie and Leonard Cohen. It has now grown into a large complex for the study and teaching of Buddhism, with a vast temple at its heart. From there, Akong spearheaded a range of projects including  ROKPA International, which carries out humanitarian work in Tibet, Nepal, India and Africa. It was while in China in October 2013 that he was murdered, aged 73, but before his death he authorised the film of his life to be made. Its premiere at Samye Ling was attended by the current abbot, Akong's younger brother Lama Yeshe Losal Rinpoche. "We feel that the film is more a message of hope actually - a celebration of his life," Mr Harris said. "It kind of focuses on the fact that putting compassion into action, rather than being a kind of luxury, is so effective. "We look at what, as a refugee, he achieved - setting up centres all over the world and helping thousands and thousands of people without compromising that value of compassion.
For £39m, the firm is buying what is estimated to be up to a quarter of the timber released by NRW every year. Auditor General Huw Vaughan Thomas said he was unable to satisfy himself on whether the decision to make the deal was lawful. NRW disputed the findings. The allegations have been made in a response to the 2015/16 accounts of NRW by Mr Thomas, who called the deal "irregular". He said the decision-making process was not transparent and expressed "doubt" over whether it met EU state aid rules. "I have not been able to satisfy myself that the decision to agree those contracts was lawful and did not involve the provision of state aid," he wrote. The identity of the company has not been revealed because NRW said the matter was commercially sensitive. As a condition of the contract, the company said it would construct and operate a new saw line at its Welsh premises by 31 March 2016 but NRW said that condition was not met and was extended by 12 months. NRW would not say whether the condition had been met since last March. A report by the auditor general said that in 2014, NRW entered into an agreement with a sawmill operator for eight connected timber sales contracts, in a bid to try to halt the spread of a disease. The firm purchased both spruce and larch timber, the latter of which was from forests where a fungus disease - P Ramorum - that causes extensive damage was present. But the report said no other potential purchasers were given the opportunity to bid for the timber. The value of the contract was designed to enable the operator to make a major investment in the sawmill - the operator said four of the contracts for larch would not have been enough to invest in the new saw line. NRW told auditors it had to act, that there was no alternative and that it was highly unlikely that any other operators would have been interested. But Mr Thomas believed the 10-year-long deal would have been an opportunity other operators may have been interested in. This, the lack of market testing and the fact NRW admitted in internal documents that the award of the contract gave rise to the risk of challenge by another company, led the auditor to believe it should have been referred to Welsh Government because it was contentious and could have repercussions on the wider market. But it was not referred to the Welsh Government in that way, and as a result the contracts were "irregular" in the auditor's view. Mr Thomas also said that the awarding of contracts to the sawmill operator was neither "robust nor transparent", saying NRW was unable to provide "sufficient contemporaneous documentation" that demonstrated what it took into account when it decided to enter the contracts. "In the absence of sufficient evidence, I have been unable to satisfy myself that NRW's decision to enter into these contracts with the sawmill operator was taken in accordance with public law principles," he wrote. The auditor said his uncertainty did not mean the contracts should now be regarded as unlawful or represent poor value for money. He added that NRW "failed to follow appropriate processes for ensuring that the outputs for which it contracted with the sawmill operator were obtained on market terms". "This failure gives rise to doubt as to the compliance of the contracts with. . .  state aid rules. "NRW has disputed his conclusions on both the issue of law and state aid. It said it strongly believed the contracts were lawful and said it had legal advice that supported that view. It said the spread of the P Ranorum disease, which happened within the first year of NRW's existence, gave rise to exceptional circumstances. Kevin Ingram of NRW said: "We are disappointed with the WAO's findings regarding aspects of some long-term sales contracts. "Nevertheless, we have an action plan to learn the lessons from this to ensure even stronger governance arrangements in future. "But he said the audit and other reports showed "NRW is a well-governed and managed organisation". "We are pleased it has found our financial reporting is fair and accurate," he said. Chairman of the assembly's Public Accounts Committee, Conservative AM Nick Ramsay, said he was "very concerned" by the report. "It's now important that Public Accounts Committee questions officials from the body at the earliest opportunity," he said. The matter was discussed at the assembly's finance committee on Wednesday - AMs quizzed Wales Audit Office officials about why the auditor general did not meet a statutory deadline to report on the accounts of 23 December. The auditor has said it was important to complete the investigatory process. Mr Thomas told AMs there is no means in Welsh audit legislation to delay cut off dates, unlike under Westminster rules. He said the process of considering legal advise and comments received "inevitably means that you are going to miss the deadline". Plaid Cymru AM Simon Thomas, chairman of the finance committee, said the Welsh Government needed to provide an explanation. A Welsh Government spokesman said: "We will work with NRW to address the issues raised and to ensure stronger governance arrangements are in place for the future.
Stabbing victim John Culshaw's remains were retained by Greater Manchester Police without his family's knowledge. Dozens of other families have also been told their loved ones' body parts were kept by the force. GMP said whether or not to contact the affected families was a decision it "agonised over for a number of months". Mr Culshaw, 26, was stabbed to death in Wigan in 1993. His family buried him believing his body was intact, and were unaware his stomach, liver and other tissues had been retained after two post-mortem examinations until police officers visited them in September last year. His mother, Jennifer Shaw, said she wanted to know why it had taken so long to come to light. "He's my son.  And he's been left - half of him," she said. "If he'd have died and they'd asked me if they could use the parts to help somebody, then yes.  But just to be sat in a lab for 23 years doing nothing, that's just horrendous. "The body parts were discovered following an audit of the former Forensic Science Service in 2014, the Manchester Evening News revealed. It found more than 180 samples - including major organs - from victims of crime in Greater Manchester were being held for the police force, which has admitted there could be more body parts unaccounted for. It became illegal in 2006 to remove or store human tissue without families' consent following an investigation at Liverpool's Alder Hey hospital in 1999. Organs from hundreds of babies who died at the hospital were secretly taken. The body parts kept for Greater Manchester Police were removed before that date. Assistant Chief Constable Debbie Ford said: "Once we knew about the samples we felt that such a sensitive issue was never going to be solely about following the regulations or the letter of the law. "For this reason we consulted with a number of relevant people, including community and faith groups, as well as our own Ethics Committee.  Following this extensive consultation it was agreed we had an ethical and moral duty to inform the next-of-kin in the vast majority of cases. "She said officers had offered a range of options for "sensitive disposal" of the samples, which the force would pay for. However, families have been told some samples could remain unaccounted for "for various reasons", she said. John Culshaw's family will bury his organs in a private second ceremony on Thursday. "Somebody has made a big mistake.  Not just me but a lot of other families are suffering as well," Ms Shaw said. "I don't want anyone else to go through this.  It's devastating.
The harmless reptile was found inside the vehicle after it was dropped off at a yard on March 8 and rescued by animal collection officer Ellie West. While the snake is believed to have been in the van for some time, it is now "fine and well" in an animal shelter. Ms West said it was "a relief" it had been saved. Most corn snakes sold in the UK are bred in captivity, but have very complex and special needs. RSPCA Wales is appealing for information about where the snake may have come from or who the owner is.
The portraits immortalised the founder of China's Communist Party as a pop art commodity in the vein of Warhol's Marilyn Monroe  and Campbell soup. Based on a photo in Mao's Little Red Book, the portrait series is among the most famous images of the 20th Century. The auction of this work is expected to fetch as much as $15m (£12. 1m). This particular Mao portrait was sold in 2014 in London for £7. 6m ($9. 4m)  and the current owner, who is not identified, has now put it up for sale with Sotheby's in Hong Kong,  with the auction expected on 2 April. Warhol began his series of silk-screen portraits of Mao in 1972 when ties between then cold-war foes China and US began to thaw after the historic trip to Beijing by US President Richard Nixon. The photograph that Warhol used for the portrait was one that adorned the inside cover of the so-called Little Red Book, itself an symbol of Chinese communism and a work of propaganda. More than a billion copies are thought to have been published, making the book one of the most widely produced of all time. During Mao's reign it became virtually mandatory to own and carry a copy. Warhol's Mao series led to almost 200 portraits in similar versions and sizes and follows the artist's similar earlier works on Marilyn Monroe and Elvis Presley in the 1960s. Picking Mao was a departure from his trademark of elevating a banal commodity  (as he did with Campbell soup) or illuminating glamour (as he did with Marilyn Monroe). Chairman Mao was a political leader both deeply revered and feared and certainly an unlikely subject for the bold colour contrasts of the Pop Art movement. But it remains a delicate issue in China to this day.  In a 2013 exhibition, the first comprehensive survey of Warhol's art in China, the Mao portraits were nowhere to be seen. The debate in Chinese media at the time was around whether the images were showing respect or mockery. Yet  Chinese investors are increasingly buying Western art.  They are thought to make up one fifth of the world's buyers of art. Downward pressure on the yuan and caps on capital outflows are only adding to the appetite for investing on the global art scene. So Warhol's portrait of China's former Communist leader may yet find its way to China through the workings of global capital markets. Reporting by the BBC's Andreas Illmer.
Asghar Stanikzai hit 101, his first one-day century, to help the Afghans hit their highest ever total of 338 in the Indian venue of Greater Noida. Ireland opener Paul Stirling was on 95 with them going well on 173-1 when he was given out to a Rashid Khan ball. Andrew Balbirnie's dismissal to a Dawlat Zadran ball also looked harsh. Leg-spinner Stirling produced an outstanding individual display as he picked up six Afghanistan wickets. With Ed Joyce (55) having put on 113 for the first wicket with Stirling and skipper William Porterfield contributing 45, the Irish top order kept the run chase on target. After Balbirnie's dismissal left Ireland on 228-5 in the 37th over, Stuart Thompson and Gary Wilson put on 50 for the next wicket over the next six overs but they both departed in quick succession to effectively end the contest. Afghanistan bowler Khan finished with figures of 6-43 with Zadran taking three Irish wickets. The Afghans beat Ireland in Wednesday's opening one-day game and there are three further contests, beginning with Sunday's game at the same venue. Ireland had already been whitewashed 3-0 in a Twenty20 series between the sides in India. The teams will play meet in a further Intercontinental Cup match at the end of the month in Greater Noida.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceClement's side dropped to 17th place after the loss and are three points clear of the relegation zone. The Swans, who have let in nine goals in their past four games, also have the league's worst defensive record. "Bournemouth have just shown when you put two good home results, it gives them breathing space," Clement said. "We have to reflect on the bigger picture as well, we started January rock-bottom.  We play two home games and we have to respond quickly. "Swansea were bottom of the Premier League when Clement took over in January but have won four of their nine league matches since. However, they have conceded 63 goals this season - the highest in the league - and have managed just one clean sheet in their last 14 games. "The fact is, we're 17th, out of the bottom three with two home games coming up.  There's lots of football," added Clement. "We've come a long way in the last two and a half months.  We're confident we can still go on and do well this year. "Swansea resume after the international break with a home game against fellow strugglers Middlesbrough, before hosting Tottenham just three days later.
The former hooker will replace Chris Gibbes, who confirmed in January he will become head coach of the Wellington Lions in New Zealand. Capped eight times by Ireland, Clarke was a part of the Ulster team which won the 1999 Heineken Cup. "I'm delighted to have this opportunity and really excited about the next challenge in my career," said Clarke. As a coach, the 49-year-old helped the province win the 2006 Celtic League title before joining the Irish Rugby Union as high performance manager. He returned to Ulster in 2012 and became forwards coach two years later. Clarke also has international coaching experience with Ireland A and Emerging Ireland, with whom he won the 2015 Tbilisi Cup ahead of Georgia, Italy A and Uruguay. "I'm looking forward to the challenge," added Clarke. "It's an ambitious organisation with a great mix of experience and some real talent coming through and I hope I can add value for the players, the coaches and the management. "Chris Gibbes has done a great job in building a pack that has the potential to go toe-to-toe with anyone and I'm grateful to have that platform to work from when I arrive in the summer.
Noah Zunde, who was 22 months old, succumbed to heatstroke after being left in the car for seven hours. His mother, Romy Zunde, had mistakenly believed she dropped Noah at childcare, the Coroners Court of Victoria heard. Ms Zunde was sleep-deprived, stressed and dealing with a change in routine before the tragedy, the court was told. Police did not lay charges.  A coronial lawyer recommended that Ms Zunde should not be held criminally responsible. The inquest into the death in the Victorian town of Kyneton in 2015 is investigating ways to prevent similar incidents. A psychologist told the inquest he believed Ms Zunde suffered a memory lapse called "forgotten baby syndrome". "If you are capable of forgetting to post a letter, you are capable of forgetting to take your baby out of the car," said Matthew Mundy, an associate professor at Monash University. "Your memory is limited, it's limited in the number of things you can remember at any given time, and it's limited in the amount of time you can remember a thing for. "Your brain at the neural level doesn't discriminate between [posting] a letter, a baby or remembering to pick up your mobile phone". In his opinion the lapse could happen to anyone, he said. Noah is one of five children within 10 years who have died in Victoria after being left inside a vehicle. The court was told sensors installed in some cars in the United States alerted parents to the presence of children. Coroner Sara Hinchey will hand down her findings at a later date.
Noel Conway, 67, who was diagnosed in November 2014 and is not expected to live beyond 12 months, said he should be free to determine his own death. Mr Conway, from Shrewsbury, attended court in a wheelchair and on a ventilator. The case is the first heard since the law was challenged in 2014 and 2015. Right-to-die campaigners lost an appeal to the Supreme Court in 2014 and this was followed by a debate in Parliament which concluded with MPs rejecting an attempt to introduce assisted dying in 2015. The campaign group Dignity in Dying is supporting the legal bid. Mr Conway wants permission to bring a judicial review which could result in terminally ill adults who meet strict criteria making their own decisions about ending their lives. Richard Gordon QC, who is representing Mr Conway, said: "He wishes to die in the country in which he was born and has lived for his whole adult life. "The choices facing him therefore are stark: to seek to bring about his own death now whilst he is physically able to do but before he is ready; or await death with no control over when and how it comes. "He said that Mr Conway contended that these choices, forced upon him by the provisions of the criminal law, violated his human rights. He wants a declaration that the Suicide Act 1961 is incompatible with Article 8, of the Human Rights Act 1998 which relates to respect for private and family life, and Article 14, which protects from discrimination. If the judges rule that Mr Conway has an arguable case, they will be asked to direct that it is heard as quickly as possible. Lord Justice Burnett, sitting in London with Mr Justice Charles and Mr Justice Jay, said at the start of the hearing, which is due to last half a day, that they were minded to reserve their decision "only for a relatively short time". Before his illness, Mr Conway, who is married, with a son, daughter, stepson and grandchild, was fit and active, enjoying hiking, cycling and travelling. His condition means that whilst he retains full mental capacity, his ability to move, dress, eat and deal with personal care independently has diminished considerably. At present there is a blanket prohibition on providing a person with assistance to die. Mr Conway has said: "I feel very strongly that it is a dying person's right to determine how they die and when they die.  The current law denies me this right. "Instead, I am being condemned to unbearable suffering in my final months.  I may die by suffocation or choking, or I could become completely unable to move or communicate. "The only way for me to have some control is to refuse use of my ventilator, but there is no telling how long it would take for me to die, or whether my suffering could be managed. "I'm going to die anyway.  It's a question of whether I die with or without suffering and on my own terms or not. "I'm bringing this case not just for me, but for all others facing terminal illness who want and deserve to have the option of a safe, dignified assisted death. "But a spokesman for the Care Not Killing Alliance said that changing the law would send out the wrong message. "Changing the law would send out a negative message about those who are terminally ill, disabled or old and might pressure some into ending their lives because they feel that they have become either a financial or care burden. "The current law exists to protect those who have no voice against exploitation and coercion. "It acts as a powerful deterrent to would-be abusers and does not need changing. "A case brought by Tony Nicklinson - who suffered from paralysis after a stroke - was ultimately dismissed in 2014 by the Supreme Court, which stated it was important that Parliament debated the issues before any decision was made by the courts. Mr Conway's case is different in that he has a terminal illness and his legal team are setting out a strict criteria and clear potential safeguards to protect vulnerable people from any abuse of the system.
It became one of the UK's first post-war settlements in 1947 following the previous year's New Towns Act. It is credited as having the first modern high-rise residential tower block, The Lawn, which opened in 1951. Designed for 60,000 by English architect, Frederick Gibberd, the town also included the first all-pedestrian shopping precinct. In April 1964, councillor Reginald Ward, chairman of the Harlow Urban District Council, showed off Harlow to visiting Italian prime minister Aldo Moro, from the roof gallery of the Town Hall. Today, Harlow is a thriving town with a population of 85,500, which includes residents from a wide range of countries. A mural featuring Harlow citizens, including its MP Conservative Robert Halfon, was created by Polish artist Jola Kudela for the book festival this month. The artwork, called "We're all the same boat", was created after a Polish man was killed in the town. The artist Ms Kudela said: "The message is just relax guys and let's live together peacefully and quietly. "A large number of events are being planned to celebrate the town's 70th birthday and more information is available on the Harlow 70 council website.
Matthew Williams was found attacking Cerys Yemm, 22, at the Sirhowy Arms Hotel in Argoed on 6 November 2014. He was Tasered four times by police and arrested but later died. The Newport hearing was told he had previously made death and violence threats to his ex-girlfriend, probation service staff and a police officer. PC Jake Silver, who deals with prolific offenders through Gwent Police's Integrated Offender Management section, said Williams' former partner received seven letters from him while he was locked up. They contained threats of violence to her as well as threats towards a serving Detective Constable and the officer's wife and his children. In the letters, Williams described sending a car "up in smoke" and described one person as a "dead man walking". He described intending to serve his entire sentence - to negate the need to be on licence when released - so he could go "under the radar" when he was let out. PC Silver said he believed Williams was "very capable of carrying out the threats" but said the Crown Prosecution Service decided there was not enough evidence to peruse the matter as Williams' ex girlfriend was not willing to be a witness. PC Silver agreed there was a "lack of urgency" surrounding the letters because of an assumption Williams would remain in prison due to a pending court case, which later collapsed. The inquest continues.
Lines, 47, followed up a 3-0 win over the Scot with a 4-0 defeat of England's 1991 world champion John Parrott. The event in Scunthorpe offers the winner a place in the World Championship qualifying event. Now aged 48, Hendry retired after being knocked out of the 2012 World Championship. "I didn't play well.  It feels like somebody else's arm out there," he said after losing to Lines.
Wes Morgan remains out with a back injury and Nampalys Mendy is a doubt. Xherdan Shaqiri is set to miss an eighth straight game for Stoke with a calf problem, despite starting for Switzerland last Saturday. Phil Bardsley is out after his red card against Chelsea, while Geoff Cameron's thigh problem will be monitored. Glen Johnson and Jack Butland both remain sidelined, although the latter is back in training after a long-term ankle injury. Steve Wilson: "With Craig Shakespeare bidding to become the first British manager to win his first four Premier League games, Leicester suddenly look to be only a couple of victories away from safety. "How they would love to have those points chalked up before tackling Atletico Madrid in the Champions League. "Stoke are having another very creditable season; ninth place again at the moment - the position in which they have finished each of the last three seasons. "Mark Hughes would have particularly enjoyed their point at Manchester City in their last away game, but would probably concede that they have, at times, been too accommodating on their travels - registering wins at only Hull, Watford and Sunderland. "Twitter: @WilsonfootyLeicester manager Craig Shakespeare: "With all the records, I'm very conscious you have to keep a bit of humility about it. "We know that it wasn't so long ago that our form was being questioned. "We know that at the moment we are playing with a lot of confidence, but that word 'humility' has to be important from my point of view towards the players to keep them level-headed.  We also (like) to make sure there is no complacency. "Stoke manager Mark Hughes: "It's difficult to win away games in the Premier League.  The most we've achieved in a season is six. "More often then not we take games to the opposition and look to win.  We'll see where that takes us over the remainder of the season. "Leicester are playing well at the moment.  They are a fully committed side.  We need to ensure their key players don't have an impact. "I fancy the Foxes to win this.  Stoke have had some mixed results of late, and although they won't roll over I don't see them stopping Leicester's momentum. Prediction: 2-0Lawro's full predictions v comedian and actor Omid DjaliliHead-to-headLeicester CityStoke CitySAM (Sports Analytics Machine) is a super-computer created by @ProfIanMcHale at the University of Salford that is used to predict the outcome of football matches.
Hazrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad, the Caliph of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community (AMC), said his "heartfelt sympathies" were with the victims. He was speaking at a Peace Symposium held at the Baitul Futuh Mosque in Morden, south London on Saturday. Five people died and 50 were hurt outside Parliament, last Wednesday. In a message Prime Minister Theresa May praised the conference, which she called "an annual reminder of your community's commitment to promoting peace". MPs Paul Scully and Siobhan McDonagh were among the hundreds who attended the event at the UK's largest mosque. The caliph described the attack in central London a "barbaric atrocity". "No matter what terrorists may claim, under no circumstances are indiscriminate acts, or killings ever justified," he said. He added that Muslims and non-Muslims "must stand up against all forms of oppression, hatred and use all our capabilities to try and foster peace in the world. "Three people were killed in Wednesday's attack when Khalid Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before stabbing to death unarmed PC Keith Palmer. Masood was then shot dead by police.
The Scot, 26, stopped Joubert in the sixth round - a ninth win out of nine. "I had to [get] over the clash of heads and cut in the first round," he told BBC Scotland.  "It's a pretty nasty cut. "I learned I can deal with having to get cuts and when it gets rough I can carry on with it.  I kept myself nice and calm. "The 2014 Glasgow Commonwealth Games gold medallist has previously stated his ambition to fight fellow Scot and WBA super-lightweight champion Ricky Burns. Taylor's promoter, former world champion Barry McGuigan, said: "We'd love that fight.  That's a great fight, that's a magnificent fight down the line. "He [Taylor] is impressive.  He's so inventive.  He's creating his own little style.  Taylor has got that uniqueness about him, he's just so inimitable in everything he does. "He's great to watch and he's definitely going to go the whole way.  The difficulty for me now is how do I fill the gap between here and world championship fights because that's where he's capable of going?"I need to have something else in the middle because once you make that step, there's no turning back.  You can't go back and have easier fights where you can gain experience.  That's my dilemma. "And Taylor added: "I'm quite happy where I am just now, maybe another defence of the Commonwealth, maybe even knock on the door of the European [title]. "I learned a lot about myself [against Joubert].  I was impressed with my own performance. "I caught him clean a few times and he took them and he came back at me and hit me a couple of times himself. "Once I started finding my range, started catching him with good shots, it didn't take me long once I caught him clean.
The Ulster Gazette carries the story of a Portadown man who was stopped on his way back from a Bulgarian 'lad's holiday' with a knuckle duster, stun device, extendable baton and pepper spray. Conor Seeley, 23, of Charlestown Road, contested eight charges against him, but a district judge found him guilty of all the offences. He said: "When people come back from Spain they bring sombreros and donkeys, you brought back pepper spray. "A border force officer giving evidence in the case told the court that "lots" of offensive weapons are brought in from Bulgaria and flights from the area were "high profile" for that reason. Also in the paper is "utter devastation" in Armagh following the death of 55-year-old Barry Toal in a house fire last week. The Lord Mayor of Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon, Gareth Keating, said: "This is a tight-knit community and we will do what we can to support those affected by this tragedy. "In the Antrim Guardian, a former lifeguard is hailed a hero after he rescued a man from drowning in the Six Mile Water river in the town. Graham Vaughan, 22, raced from his home through the centre of Antrim to the opposite side of the bank of the river in the early hours of last Tuesday after he heard screaming. "I looked outside and I could see a woman on the banks and a taxi," he told the paper. "She was shouting for help and pointing and I could see someone in the river. "I just ran, I wasn't even thinking, I was still in my shorts. "Mr Vaughan said his lifeguard training came in handy even after the man was dragged from the water. "Just the little things like checking for ID, talking to him and checking his eyes and pulse are important," he said. Thankfully, the police said the man would make a full recovery from his ordeal. Inside the paper we go from a hero to a villain as South Antrim MP Danny Kinahan recalls being just yards away from the Westminster attack last Wednesday. Mr Kinahan told the paper he was about to go into the chamber to take part in a vote when he heard the commotion outside. "There was a lot of screaming and shouting and shouts and 'get downs' - word spread very quickly," he said. "Business was suspended and we were told we were in lockdown. "We had all been aware there had been training exercises for this sort of thing so when the dreadful day finally came it swung into action. "In the Lurgan Mail is a celebration of Special Olympian Caolán McConville. The Aghagallan lad won a silver and a bronze medal at the World Winter Games in Austria and also led Team Ireland out at the official opening ceremony. His picture is given pride of place on the paper's front page along with his granny, Margaret. The skier was welcomed back to his home town last Saturday by friends and family and given a "hero's welcome" as he proudly displayed his medals. He said: "I went down the Giant Slalom and it was hard, I fell over but I picked myself up again and went really fast. "The paper also reports on the court case of a learner driver who was caught speeding when he overtook a police car. Jason Stephen Lavery, of Brownlow Terrace in Lisburn had been driving at 98mph when he was caught with no license or insurance in October last year. The Coleraine Times reports on a "backlash" over a book of condolences for former deputy first minister Martin McGuinness. The book was opened in the council offices in Coleraine follwing his death last Tuesday. TUV councillors Boyd Douglas, William Blair and Alderman Sharon McKillop said in a joint statement that the book was "an insult to victims". "The decision of the SDLP mayor to open a book of condolences to self-confessed IRA commander McGuinness is an unnecessarily divisive act. "It is insulting to many victims of IRA violence who have had to listen to nauseating praise of someone whose wicked terrorist organisation visited death and destruction on many families in Ulster. "But the front page of the paper has a much more positive vibe - with a declaration that the town has "a new lease of life" now that a £220k rejuvenation scheme has come to an end. The investment involved about 70 businesses and has given a new look to some of the town's streets. The Impartial Reporter leads with a story about a Fermanagh man who they report was detained in Boston after he outstayed his visa for five years. The "undocumented immigrant" recently married an American and faces an anxious wait as President Trump continues to crack down on illegal immigrants. The man's Boston-based lawyer said: "Just by his tone Mr Trump has "unleashed the dogs in the system and is taking a much harsher, blunter approach. "It has already got more serious. "Also on the front page of the paper is local actor-turned-author, Ciarán McMenamin, who has released his first book - Skintown. The story follows Vinny Duffy, trapped working in a takeaway as the wider world falls in to the drug-driven dawn of rave culture. A random act of kindness leads Vinny to the most unlikely business opportunity. The novel is described as "a supercharged debut, zinging with confidence and intelligence" in a review by novelist Joseph O'Connor. In the Ulster Herald there's a warning about farm safety from the son of a man who died after a bull attack. Raymond McClinchey's father Alex was 75 and on the family farm near Omagh on Tuesday when the incident happened. Mr McClinchey said: "I just hope that this is the last death like this, but know that unfortunately it probably won't be. "Maybe my father's death will save another life by making farmers act on the need for safety. "Please don't take chances. "Also in the paper is an investigation which is ongoing after a major slurry spill near Omagh which forced the closure of the main A5 route on Monday. According to the paper there are fears that the spill could pollute the area's waterways. The Environment Agency confirmed to the paper that the slurry had entered a local stream.  It is not known, however, what impact that will have.
Unless of course you are one of the 90 MLAs who - according to the Belfast Telegraph - are set to get a pay rise. That's despite the Assembly not actually having sat for a full day of business since long before the March election. According to the paper, the rise will kick in on April Fool's Day and will see wages increase by £500 per year, bringing salaries to £49,500. The paper reports a Stormont source confirmed the rise would go ahead because "the consumer prices index for the September of the previous year was 1% or greater," and would happen automatically because of a measure put in place by the independent body that sets MLAs' wages. The Belfast Telegraph has also carried out its own poll on the issue and it says 93% of people surveyed would support stopping MLAs' wages altogether while the Assembly isn't functioning. In the Mirror we see the other side of the Stormont-deadlock coin, where it is claimed that 12,000 jobs could go as a result of the stalemate. The paper says a lack of progress by politicians means some 12-month contracts in the voluntary sector won't be renewed because no-one has been able to give the go-ahead for the funding. Staff at First Steps Women's Centre are among those who say they are facing unemployment. "Our hundreds of clients are some of the most vulnerable in the country," said the organisation's chief executive, Michael McGoldrick. "They deserve better, we all do. "We are constantly on a funding rollercoaster, but this situation is particularly stomach churning. "The prospect of us all losing our jobs is awful, but worse is the knock-on effect of us not being here and available to help the people who need us most. "Those who are the most vulnerable are always first to be hit by this sort of problem and they are those who can least afford it. "There's further criticism of the lack of leadership up at Stormont in the News Letter - it has chosen to go with the line: "RHI official now controls all our public spending". Northern Ireland's devolved finances have today been passed to David Sterling. The senior civil servant will use emergency powers to release cash and resources to departments until a new budget is in place. But the News Letter has pointed to Mr Sterling's links to the Renewable Heat Incentive.  He was the most senior civil servant in the department that set up the "financially disastrous" initiative. Mr Sterling was not personally responsible for designing the RHI scheme, something which was done by the Energy Division within DETI.He has taken over because the last finance minister, Máirtín Ó Muilleoir, did not agree a budget. The paper also reports that annual rates bills could be delayed because of the political deadlock. The Irish News reports that a senior civil servant has said a DUP minister who lit an eleventh night bonfire was committing "an offence". The front page is dominated by a picture of the former community's minister setting fire to the bonfire in South Tyrone last year. The DUP and DUP-led executive departments at the time refused to respond to repeated requests for a comment, The Irish News reports. But it says that newly released emails show how staff in the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (Daera) discussed whether to respond. One Stormont official is quoted as having said in an email at the time: "In essence lighting the bonfire is an offence. "Asked about the Daera correspondence, the DUP did not respond to requests for a comment, the Irish News reports.
Bower has made 52 appearances for Warriors in all competitions since joining from Leicester Tigers in 2014. Details of the length of the 26-year-old's new contract at Sixways have not been disclosed. "He always gives everything he's got and I've been thoroughly impressed with his attitude and his performance," director of rugby Gary Gold said.
Brace will take on an as yet unnamed opponent for the vacant WBC International bantamweight title. The 26-year-old has won all five of her professional bouts so far. Brace quit amateur boxing after being told she was ineligible to compete at the 2014 Commonwealth Games because of suggestions she had fought professionally as a kickboxer. Her involvement at the 2013 Unified Kickboxing World Championships ruled her out of the Games in Glasgow, an amateur-only event. Find out how to get into boxing with our special guide.
Having heard submissions from Glentoran and the match officials and also having viewed footage, the committee was not satisfied that an error had occurred. However, under article 16. 7 of the code, it opted to suspend half of the sanction for six months. Novo's three-match ban will start on Monday, 3 April. Glenavon have the right to appeal against the disciplinary committee's decision.
Having earlier agreed to sit down with us, Shannon has gone out.  She is just 19, and is barely coping. "She doesn't want to live here any more," says Julie.  "It's all the memories of Kayden, this is where he lived. "Shannon is sometimes suicidal.  "I listen to my daughter and I cry, because of what my daughter's going through.  She'll ring me and say she's going to take her own life and things like that," Julie says, tears in her eyes. 'How many more children like Kayden must die?'The living room is a shrine to Kayden.  On the wall, in large letters, are painted the words: "Because someone we love is in heaven, there's a little bit of heaven in our home. "Photos of Kayden paper the walls, along with mementoes - the hat he used to wear, the 3D glasses he wore to watch his favourite film.  Framed too is the Mr Men book his grandmother read to him as he lay dying in Royal Manchester Children's Hospital. Julie tries to cling to the happy memories - Kayden chasing his cat around, or waiting excitedly for his beloved grandfather to come home from work. But she has been deeply affected.  "I work 24-7," she told us.  "I go to work to block it out.  I don't ever take a day off. "When Kayden fell on to a bed at home last April, banging his mouth on his bottle, Julie thought little of it, but his lips turned blue, so eventually she called an ambulance. Staff at nearby Stepping Hill Hospital took a chest X-ray, and told Julie and Shannon that Kayden had a hole in his diaphragm, a hernia that he had probably had since birth. They told her not to worry, but that he needed a simple operation to mend the hole. They were, after an overnight delay, sent to Royal Manchester Children's Hospital, where they were admitted to a ward and, in Julie's words, "basically put in a room, and left". Days passed, and with each one Kayden's operation was postponed. Because his bowels and stomach had entered his chest through the hole in his diaphragm, he was in pain. The family stayed by his bedside day and night, pushing the hospital staff to find an operation slot for him. "I was just so angry with them because nobody would listen.  Nobody would listen to how much pain he was in, and he was in a lot of pain," says Julie. Finally, on Friday night, five days after Kayden first fell ill, Shannon rang Julie.  "She told me he was grunting in his sleep," says Julie.  "I told her to get a nurse. "Kayden was going into cardiac arrest - his eyes became fixed on the ceiling, and staff rushed to save him. The internal call system for summoning help failed though, and there were delays. It took almost 30 minutes to resuscitate him. Finally, the hospital sprang into action, and Kayden was taken into surgery. It took four hours of surgery to fix his hernia, and the family was taken to see him in intensive care. Tragically, he had been starved of oxygen for too long, and his brain was irreparably injured. After a weekend of saying their goodbyes, Shannon had to agree to turn off his life support.  He died minutes later in her arms. "I wanted to strangle somebody," says Julie.  "You don't expect to take a baby to hospital and come away without one.  Especially when you've got one hospital telling you that it's such a simple operation. "She says: "His care, up to him cardiac arresting, was appalling.  He was basically put in a room, and left.  And all we got, nearly every day, was, 'He's not having the operation today, he's not having the operation today. '"They were coming up with excuses, 'There's no bed, or a car crash victim's come in, they've took his bed. ' That's all we got, all the time we were there, was excuses, which resulted in Kayden cardiac arresting. "A hospital investigation has admitted failings in the run-up to Kayden's death, and senior staff have apologised to the family. But, as Julie says: "He's gone, and nothing's going to bring him back.
Two of those on board have been named locally as Kevin and Ruth Burke from Hulcote, near Milton Keynes. They were believed to have been travelling to Dublin, where Mrs Burke was born, for a christening with three other adult family members. A massive air and land search was launched on Wednesday when the aircraft vanished after leaving the Luton area. Kevin and Ruth Burke are believed to have been directors of the Milton Keynes-based Staske Construction company - the registered owner of a Twin Squirrel helicopter. This was the model that vanished from radar contact while over Caernarfon Bay. It is believed Mr Burke was originally from Manchester and was a qualified pilot. Supt Gareth Evans, of North Wales Police, said the crash site was in the Rhinog mountains between Harlech and Trawsfynydd and the bodies of all five people on board had been found. A mountain rescue team found the wreckage. The Air Accident Investigation Branch are now leading an investigation of the forensic recovery of the aircraft once specialist officers start recovery of the bodies. But the police have said they might have to suspend recovery for the night due to worsening weather conditions and "treacherous terrain". Police said they were not aware of any plan for the helicopter to stop in Caernarfon as part of its route. Formal identification of the bodies has not yet taken place and the coroner for north west Wales, Dewi Pritchard-Jones, has opened an investigation. Police have not revealed the exact location of the crash and have asked for members of the public to stay away from the site "to allow emergency services and personnel access".  An air exclusion zone is also in place. "Their recovery is not just important to their families but also the investigation as it may help identify any contributory factors," added Supt Evans. Family of those killed have been informed and the police have confirmed all five adults are "part of the same extended family from the Milton Keynes area". Initial searches on Wednesday followed the intended flight plan of the aircraft over the Irish Sea. But the Coastguard said on Thursday that inquiries led them to divert their efforts to Snowdonia National Park. Prior to the crash site being discovered, UK Coastguard duty commander Mark Rodaway said: "These aircraft normally carry beacons that we can track by satellite - they're activated by salt water - we've not seen any of that and also mobile phone data has aided our inquiries in shifting inland. "Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said the UK government would offer its full support to the investigation. The Department of Foreign Affairs in Dublin said it "stood by to offer consular assistance". The Eurocopter AS55 Ecureuil 2 (Twin Squirrel), made by Airbus, has a cruising speed of 140mph (225km/h) and a range of nearly 440 miles (700km).
1 April 2017 Last updated at 12:33 BSTThe tiny pad was appraised by manuscripts specialist Matthew Haley during an episode filmed at Caversham Park in Berkshire. The programme will air on Sunday at 20:00 BST on BBC One.
Fifty sheep were stolen from a farm in Ammanford and the farmer spotted a flock two weeks later at a livestock market in Llanybydder. After the ewes gave birth, paternity tests revealed they were the offspring of the farmer's rams. Andrew Thomas, 39, of Garnant admitted handling the stolen sheep. He will be sentenced at Swansea Crown Court this month. Dyfed-Powys Police said this was the first time DNA evidence has been used in a case of this type in Wales, and only the third time across Wales and England. Insp Matthew Howells said: "Traditionally, sheep rustling cases are very difficult to detect and prosecute, with this case being no exception. "Although we were unable to prove who stole the sheep, we were able to use forensic techniques usually reserved for humans to help prove that the sheep were in fact the stolen ones.
Leader Grenville Ham said community-run renewable energy schemes and "truly efficient" housing could provide jobs for thousands of people. "Across Wales, Greens have the expertise and the appetite to develop sustainable local economies that provide jobs for all," he said. The party currently has one Welsh councillor and 50 confirmed candidates. "As a party, we are focusing on reducing fuel bills through local selling of locally-generated renewable energy," Mr Ham said. "My vision is to cut out the exploitative middle man in energy production and delivery, through Green-led local action. "Mr Ham added that Green councillors would not be told by party bosses how to vote on issues. "We believe that our candidates know their local community best," he said.
From September, three and four-year-olds in England will be entitled to 30 free hours of care a week in term time. But a Pre-school Learning Alliance poll of childcare providers suggests many will struggle to offer the 30 hours as the funding will not cover their costs. Ministers say affordable childcare is at the heart of their agenda. PSLA Chief Executive Neil Leitch said the plan could force nurseries to closeOf 1,332 childcare providers questioned last month, only 44. 2% said they definitely planned to deliver the 30 hours, compared with 95. 2% who said they were providing the 15 hours currently funded by government, while more than a third (36. 5%) were unsure whether to offer it. Almost a fifth (19. 3%) said they would not be introducing it and more than half of those (58%) said it was because the funding was not high enough. About two-fifths of nurseries and childminders said they would have to put restrictions on the days and times when families can take their free hours. Of nursery owners expecting to make a loss under the scheme, more than half said they would have to increase fees for any additional hours. More than a third (37. 2%) said they would increase fees for children of other ages and nearly half (47. 9%) would charge for goods and services that they previously provided for free. More than half (59. 7%) said they were confident that they would have the capacity to meet the demand for places under the 30-hour offer, while 40. 4% said they were not. Neil Leitch, chief executive of the PSLA, said: "The promise of 30 hours of free childcare was a key part of the Conservative Party's pre-election manifesto and yet these findings show that if the government doesn't address the sector's funding concerns, it's at serious risk of breaking that pledge. "With so few providers currently committed to delivering the 30 hours and so many forced to consider limiting places, raising fees or introducing extra charges in order to remain sustainable if they do offer it, many parents expecting easy access to a 'free' 30 hours place in September are likely to be disappointed. "The fact is that the 30 hours offer cannot succeed without adequate investment.  Neither parents nor providers should be expected to pay for a promise that government chose to make. "A Department for Education spokeswoman said that by 2020 the government would be investing "a record Â£6bn per year. . .  in childcare support and introducing a fairer Early Years funding formula which will see the vast majority of providers receive increased funding rates to help deliver our 30 hours free offer". The spokeswoman added that pilots of the scheme were already successfully under way in a number of areas, with more due to launch this month. "We are also providing guidance, tools and support for providers to help childcare professionals run their businesses more efficiently," she said.
The shows will be filmed in early June at Westminster's Central Hall, around 18 miles from where the actor, TV host and Hillingdon native was born in 1978. "To bring The Late Late Show to the UK is a dream come true for me," said the 38-year-old, who now has to make do with a five-storey property in Malibu. "We're going to do our best to make this week in London memorable. "The three episodes will air on 7, 8 and 9 June on Sky 1 and will also be available on Now TV.In a video posted on YouTube, Corden and his bandleader Reggie Watts can be seen packing up his show's Los Angeles set. Watts ruefully assumes the show has been cancelled, only to learn it's merely heading across the Atlantic. Corden has been a big hit in the US since taking over the late-night talk show slot on the CBS network in 2015. His Carpool Karaoke segments, which have seen him pootling around La La Land with such luminaries as Beyonce, Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber, have proved a particular viewers' favourite. Sky 1's Adam MacDonald said he was "beyond excited" to see "what he and The Late Late Show gang have in store for us". Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents.  If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
They are among a programme of 400 branch closures already announced in principle. Some 54 Lloyds branches will be affected, alongside 24 Bank of Scotland and 22 Halifax branches. There will also be a net reduction of 325 staff, who were told about the plan on Wednesday morning. They are among the 9,000 staff whose job cuts were also previously announced. Lloyds said the closures were the result of fewer branch transactions. "Our branches will continue to play a vital role in our multi-channel approach to meeting the full range of customer needs, and we expect to continue to have the biggest branch network in the UK," a Lloyds spokesperson said. Last month RBS and NatWest announced the closure of 158 branches across the UK, and in January HSBC announced a further 62 closures. The trade union Unite, which represents many bank workers, called for an end to the process. "The continuous stream of branch closures announced by the UK's retail bank branches appears to show no signs of ending, " said Rob MacGregor, Unite national officer. "The loss of a further 100 local banks will be painful for high streets across the country to absorb. "Last week Lloyds revealed plans to shrink hundreds of branches in size, while opening several new flagship centres. It will be left with 1,950 branches by the end of the year - still the largest network of any UK high street bank. The full list of the branches to close are:Beauly, Beith, Bonar Bridge, Coldstream, Dalbeattie, Dalry (Kirkcudbright), Dornoch, Edinburgh Goldenacre, Edinburgh North Morningside, Fortrose, Gatehouse, Glasgow 235 Sauchiehall Street, Gorebridge, Gullane, Helmsdale, Kingussie, Lairg, Lauder, Newtown St Boswells, Port William, Stewarton, West Linton, Wigtown and Wooler. Bakewell, Baldock, Blackfield Southampton, Bordon, Bourton-on-the-Water, Brewood, Broadstairs, Broadway, Carterton, Clay Cross, Clifton Village Bristol, Colmore Row Birmingham, Corsham, Derby Road Ipswich, Droylsden, Garstang, Gonville Place Cambridge, Grayshott, Hawkhurst, Haxby Road York, Heckington, High Wycombe Business Centre, Langley, Lichfield Road Stafford, London Law Courts, Longridge, Lymm, Manchester University, Marton-in-Cleveland, Mere, Montpellier Cheltenham, Mosley Street Manchester, New Ash Gree, Nottingham Old Market Square, Pewsey, Pontypridd Treforest Ind Est, Portland, Settle, Southampton Row, Stokenchurch, Sturminster Newton, Tenterden, Tetbury, Three Bridges Crawley, Tidworth, Topsham, Tyldesley, Wadhurst, Wendover, West Dulwich, Wincanton Wirksworth, Wood Lane End Hemel Hempstead, and Yatton. Alton, Atherton, Banstead, Bexhill-on-Sea, Brighton London Road, Droitwich, Elland, Godalming, Heckmondwike, Hertford, Horley, Huddersfield Mkt St, Leatherhead, Leytonstone, Mill Hill, New Malden, Plymouth Mutley Plain, Sheffield Surrey St, Swansea   Oxford St, Wallington, West Swindon, and Weybridge.
Tory sources have said Mr Reckless, the AM for South Wales East, has held talks with Andrew RT Davies, leader of the Welsh Conservatives. An announcement is due on Thursday which would see Mr Reckless join the Tory group in Cardiff Bay. It is understood Mr Reckless will be an independent AM rather than re-join the Conservative Party. There is resistance to re-admitting Mr Reckless following his dramatic defection from the Conservatives to join UKIP in September 2014. The then-MP fought and won a by-election in his Rochester and Strood seat in November that year, but lost his seat in the May 2015 General Election. He was elected to the Assembly in May 2016 as UKIP won their first seats in Cardiff Bay, and he is currently chairman of the Climate Change, Environment and Rural Affairs Committee. He had also worked as a researcher for MP Douglas Carswell, who left UKIP last month. The move would mean the Conservative group would become the second-largest, with 12 seats to Plaid Cymru's 11.
The Swans dropped back into the bottom three after losing to Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday - their third defeat in their last four games. Clement's side were leading 1-0 after 88 minutes but a remarkable late turnaround saw Spurs triumph 3-1. "The fact we've come out with nothing is heart-breaking," said Clement. He continued: "The players know the situation.  We're in the bottom three and there are seven games to go, and West Ham [Swansea's next opponents] are a team who've had their own troubles recently so we have to go there believing we can get a result. "We need to get a result, especially in the next two games because the games are running out now. "While Tottenham's stunning victory kept alive their title challenge, defeat at the Liberty Stadium was a damaging blow to Swansea's hopes of survival. Their misery was compounded by a win for relegation rivals Hull over Middlesbrough, which leaves the Swans 18th in the Premier League table and two points adrift of safety. They are five points behind West Ham, who are in 15th place, and Clement is hopeful of having top scorer Fernando Llorente back from an ankle injury in time for Saturday's game against the Hammers. "Things are very tight still.  There are seven games to go and a lot of points to play for," Clement added. "We have to be encouraged by our performance for long periods of that game.  The players put in a good physical effort and we have to dust ourselves off and go again - we have to be professional. "We have to know how to deal with defeat and go again on Saturday.
The software giant shared the details with tech news sites Digital Foundry and Eurogamer. The console has reportedly been designed from the start to make newer games playable at ultra-high 4K resolutions and at high frame rates. The console's graphics chip uses 40 high-speed processing cores to produce the high-definition images. Detailed specifications shared with the websites reveal that the hardware inside the console will have a central processor with eight cores that run at 2. 3GHz.  By contrast, the eight cores in Sony's PS4 Pro run at 2. 1Ghz and those in the Xbox One at 1. 75GHz. The 40 cores in the graphics unit also run at a higher speed than those in the 36 cores in the Sony console and the 12 in the Xbox One.  Microsoft said it set itself a target of making the whole device capable of handling six teraflops per second - one it claims to have hit. Eurogamer estimates that the graphical processing unit inside the Scorpio box is 4. 6 times more powerful than the chips in the Xbox One.  Just as important, it said, was the amount of memory available to games. "That means fast streaming of very high-quality art assets, which will really help at the 4K ultra HD resolutions that Microsoft is gunning for," said Eurogamer editor Oli Welsh. However, he added that the magazine's reporters had seen only one demo, that used a very well-refined game engine. Piers Harding-Rolls, a games industry analyst at IHS Technology, said the powerful hardware would help Microsoft distinguish the new devices from the Xbox One S and give it credibility with gamers keen to get the latest hardware. Scorpio's ability to handle 4K resolutions should also help align its Xbox and Windows PC gaming strategies. He added: "Third-party publishers that are developing games for both PC and console are progressively developing 4K level content, so the overhead to develop for this new platform is not as onerous as seems at first glance. "Seth Barton from game news site MCV said Microsoft still had some key decisions to take with the console. "Price is the real key here," he wrote, adding that the hardware shown suggested the cost would be higher than Â£400. "For most it simply remains a very powerful console, without a clear marketing plan or a price," he said.  "And so we're no closer to seeing how Microsoft is going to turn the silicon into a saleable product. "Microsoft first mentioned Project Scorpio in June last year and the console is due to go on sale in time for Christmas this year. The firm is expected to give further information, including the console's name, at the E3 games show in June.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Premier League paid £174m to agents, up from £130m, with Manchester City being the biggest spenders (£26. 3m) ahead of Chelsea (£25. 1m) and Manchester United (£19m). England's second tier, the Championship, spent £42. 4m on agents, an increase of 62%. The Football Association figures cover from February 2016 to January 2017. They come two years after the last full-year results (2014-15). Premier League teams spent a record £1. 38bn on transfers in the 2016-17 season - a 43% increase on transfer spending from the 2014-15 season. In both League One and League Two the total spending on agents and intermediaries decreased from the 2014-15 figures. League One sides spent £3,098,508, down from £3,167,964, while League Two teams spent £821,450, down from £1,007,920. Liverpool led the Premier League in agents' fees when the last full-year results were published for the period 1 October 2014 to 30 September 2015, but the Reds' spending has decreased from £14. 3m to £13. 8 for the 2016-17 period. Manchester City now top the Premier League list with £26,3m, up from £12. 4m, followed by Chelsea, who have also more than doubled their spending on agents' fees, up from £12m to £25. 1m. Manchester United (£19m) and Arsenal (£10. 2m) complete the top five, while Tottenham's outlay has risen from £6m to £7. 2m. Yet despite being considered part of the Premier League's 'big six' clubs, Spurs trail behind West Ham (£9. 5m) and Bournemouth (£7. 4m) in agents' fees paid for 2016-17. Former England, West Ham and QPR winger Trevor SinclairI was very fortunate.  I met a good agent quite early on in my career after some bad experiences.  He took care of negotiations, which is standard, made sure I was pitching myself at the right amount of money to be earning weekly, monthly, annually. On top of that he helped me with financial advice, he helped me with marketing, exit strategies when I finished football, and also just day-to-day things.  He was always preaching to do your best and try to look after yourself. The influence that agents have got now in the game is unbelievable.  You look at some of the biggest clubs in the UK and Europe, and there are certain super agents who, for me, have too much power. In relation to deals, I think the money should be capped in some way.  If you're doing a deal for a player moving for £1m, why would there be another £1m going missing to agents' fees? It's unacceptable, for me, that kind of money going out of the game, when that could be easily used for grassroots football. Jonathan Barnett of the Stellar GroupAgents have a bad reputation because nobody really understands what an agent does and that includes, probably, the FA. It's not deserved.  More MPs have committed illegal acts than agents.  I think it's unjust, a very unjust one. People get confused when they hear of an agent.  They think it's somebody that does transfers, runs around from one club to another trying to sell players.  They are more traders and brokers.  There are very few of those agents and very few that really matter. However, what we are as an agency and what other reputable companies are, are people who look after players.  We don't look after clubs.  We don't look after anybody else, we look after the player.  And by that, we make sure their life is properly run, any problems are taken care of and their life is made very easy so that all they can do is concentrate on playing football. We get paid for what we're worth.  If we do a good job for our player then we get paid.  If we do a bad job, we don't.  There are plenty of agents who don't earn a living.  You've got to be good at what you do and then you get paid rightly. Stoke City chairman Peter CoatesFootball clubs, especially top clubs, are getting more and more income, so what happens? Players get bigger and bigger wages, and agents therefore get bigger and bigger fees.  It's a product of the marketplace we're in, so I'm not surprised. I wish it were less, but we're in a marketplace that is highly competitive.  We've never been able to get any traction and get an agreement to say we'll all dock pay more than X, whether it's 5%, 10% or whatever the figure could be.  There seems a reluctance to go down that route.  There's no other way we could perhaps rein in what agents get. There are good agents, less good agents and they can earn huge amounts of money.  That sometimes can attract the wrong sort of person because the prize is so high.  It's one of those facts of life.  We wish it was different, but we seem incapable of controlling it.  All clubs do their best, obviously we don't want to pay any more than we have to.  But it's a tough market.  They play the field, which they're entitled to, and it's not easy.
Ian Brown, 44, and Daniel Dunkley, 35, died following incidents in their cells at HMP Woodhill last July. Their relatives claim Woodhill's governor has not complied fully with Prison Service Instructions (PSIs). But the governor and the Secretary of State say the judicial review claim is "neither appropriate or necessary". PSIs cover management of prisoners at risk of harm to self, others and from others, early days in custody and medical emergency response codes. Heather Williams QC, for the families, said the claim addressed the "exceptionally high" rate of self-inflicted deaths at the Milton Keynes prison. There were seven self-inflicted deaths last year, five in 2015 and 18 at the prison since May 2013. "The rate of self-inflicted death at HMP Woodhill is far higher than at any other prison, at a time when the suicide rate in the prison estate as a whole is at a record high," said Ms Williams. She said the case raised serious ongoing breaches of Article 2 of the Human Rights Act, which protects the right to life, and involved long-term failures to comply with the responsibility placed on the authorities to protect prisoners. James Strachan QC said the governor was well aware of his obligations to comply with the requirements of the PSIs. "The defendants do not dispute that the number of deaths at the prison is a legitimate matter of concern. "However, not only have the governor and the Secretary of State taken significant action in 2016 to improve the situation, but as the taskforce approach shows, this is a continuing high priority. "Lord Justice Irwin and Mr Justice Garnham will give their decision at a later date.
Mr Tshibala will be leader until presidential elections later this year. He was expelled from Congo's largest opposition party, the UDPS, last month after contesting the designation of successors to veteran leader Etienne Tshisekedi who died in February. Mr Tshibala's appointment is likely to further divide Mr Kabila's opponents. Talks to negotiate his exit from power broke down last week. Mr Kabila was supposed to step down after his second and final five-year term came to an end last year but the vote to replace him was not held. The electoral commission cited financial and logistical difficulties. The arrogance of powerThe failure to organise the polls led to a wave of deadly demonstrations by opposition supporters, with calls from diplomats for the president to respect the constitution. The Roman Catholic Church stepped in to broker a deal at the end of 2016 which outlined the creation of a transitional government that would oversee the elections. But the deal collapsed because the government and the opposition were unable to agree on the power-sharing mechanism under the arrangement. The country of 71 million people has not had a peaceful transfer of power since its independence from Belgium in 1960.
SP Manweb was granted permission to run 10. 5 miles of overhead cables between two wind farms in Clocaenog Forest to a substation near St Asaph last year. But local action group Pylon the Pressure won the right to a judicial review. It claims the double wooden poles would be a blight on the countryside. Part of the cables would pass near the 16th Century Berain Farm, Llannefydd, which was home to Catrin o Ferain, the granddaughter of Henry VII and a prominent member of the Tudor gentry in Wales. At Monday's hearing in Llangefni, Peter Dickson, the barrister representing the appellant, argued that the cables should be placed underground near the farm. He said the option was not considered by SP Manweb and that the Secretary of State, Greg Clark, should not have granted permission. Counsels on behalf of SP Manweb will present their submissions later on. The judge has said he will reserve judgment.
La Albiceleste are fifth in the 10-team South American qualifying group, with only the top four assured of qualifying for the tournament in Russia. Finishing fifth would mean a play-off against a team from Oceania. Bauza, 59, was appointed in August and guided his side to three wins, two draws and three defeats. "We've told Bauza he's ceased to be the national team coach," said Argentina Football Association president Claudio Tapia. "The national team is playing badly and everyone knows it. "Bauza's final match was a 2-0 defeat in Bolivia, which came hours after captain Lionel Messi was given a four-match ban for verbally abusing an official. Argentina have four games left in qualifying, with their next match against third-placed Uruguay on 31 August. They last failed to qualify for a World Cup in 1970.
Harris-Wright, 28, who had a season at Bristol in 2011-12, won a European Champions Cup medal at Leinster. The club have also added Harlequins tight-head prop Tyler Gendall, 22, Jersey Reds back rower Nick Haining, 26, and Watsonians scrum-half Reiss Cullen, 20. "We're pleased to bolster our options with these talented young players," interim head coach Mark Tainton said.
McBryde leads Wales against Samoa and Tonga this summer in the absence of Warren Gatland and Rob Howley, who coach the Lions in New Zealand. "The game on Saturday gives players a stage to be measured," he said. "We'll see how they react to pressure of playing at the Principality. "Cardiff Blues face the Ospreys at the Principality Stadium on Saturday before the Newport Gwent Dragons play the Scarlets in the double header with Gatland naming his Lions squad on 19 April. "I can only speculate in regards to the selection on the 19th [of April] for the Lions," said McBryde. "We are just expecting there to be a few players from the teams that are playing this weekend to be selected. "But we are just looking forward to seeing how they react to playing at the Principality and looking forward to the good occasion. "There were some quite consistent performances during the Six Nations, so there could be as many as 9/10 Welsh players selected for the Lions tour. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceMcBryde says he will be picking a squad to win both Tests when he names the Wales touring party for the summer of 24 April, and that Judgement Day could also have ramifications for the Wales squad. "We have always said that we would measure the players by their performances in the Pro12, their performances against one another in the derbies and in Europe, especially against the Irish provinces. " he told BBC Wales Sport. "But this game is a big one from a selection point of view.  We are looking to name the squad on the 24th to allow the players to prepare both physical and mentally prepare for the tour ahead.  So the double-header does allow us to focus on the players with a close microscope. Media playback is not supported on this device"We are going there with the mentality to want to win both Tests.  That is in the forefront of our minds and the selection will be based on this. "We can't control injuries or players being asked to join the Lions, we know we can't account for that. "We can take a strong squad down there and make sure our squad is right for the two games against Samoa and Tonga. "Maybe there will be one eye on the short term and one eye on the long term with the World Cup just two years away.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceDrogba, 39, has not played since leaving Major League Soccer club Montreal Impact in November. He will start out as a player but has also joined Phoenix's "MLS expansion franchise ownership group". "To own a team and be a player at the same time is unusual but it's going to be very exciting," Drogba said. "It's a good transition because I want to carry on playing but I'm almost 40 and it's important for me to prepare for my later career. "Phoenix have just started their fourth season in the Western Conference of USL, which forms part of the second tier of the American league system. The Arizona club hope to become one of four planned expansion teams in MLS over the next three years. "I had offers from China, from England - in both the Premier League and even the Championship - but they were only as a player," Drogba told The Premier League Show. "This was the right offer because it was important for me to think about playing, because I enjoy it, but also to get to the next stage of my career. "Drogba scored 157 goals in 341 appearances during his first spell at Chelsea from 2004 to 2012, winning three Premier League titles and the Champions League. Following moves to Shanghai Shenhua in China and Turkish side Galatasaray, Drogba returned to the Blues for the 2014-15 season, scoring seven goals in 40 appearances, helping Jose Mourinho's side to the title, before 18 months with Montreal. He joins former Chelsea team-mate Shaun Wright-Phillips at Phoenix, who have one win and two defeats from three games this season. "I'm still a player but it's important to respect the decision of the manager," added Drogba, who is Ivory Coast's record goalscorer. "When we're on the pitch, he's going to be the one who decides and when we go to board meetings, it's a different thing. "Watch the full interview with Didier Drogba in The Premier League show on BBC Two on Thursday, 13 April (22:00 BST) .
The Barn Surgery in Christchurch was criticised by the Care Quality Commission (CQC) following an inspection in May last year. A new inspection in February found the practice had made a "significant number of improvements". The surgery is now rated "good" overall, the CQC said. But it still "requires improvement" in the assessment category for "being effective".
The Ports occupy bottom spot and they are 11 points adrift of Carrick Rangers with four games left. "We look forward to it and we'll have a good chance against Ballinamallard," said Ports boss Niall Currie. Ballinamallard are 11 points clear of Rangers, who sit in the relegation play-off place, so they will retain their Premiership status with a win. Carrick are not in action until Saturday, when they take on Ards, but their destiny may already have been decided by events at Shamrock Park. Portadown came from behind to beat Carrick 2-1 last weekend and Currie is hoping for a repeat display. "We've a lot of kids playing at the minute and if they play like they did against Carrick then we have every confidence for this game," he added. Media playback is not supported on this device"All our remaining matches are ones we can really challenge for. "Ballinamallard will be without the suspended Ryan McConnell but Stuart Hutchinson is set to return. "It will be a massive challenge as they are fighting for their lives - it's going be a tough game," said Mallards manager Gavin Dykes.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe takeover, which would include the Rodney Parade ground, has already been approved by the WRU and Dragons boards. It needs to be ratified by 75 per cent of Newport RFC shareholders next month. Dragons chief executive Stuart Davies agreed the decision was pivotal, adding: "It is a hugely important moment in the history of Newport RFC, the Dragons and Rodney Parade. "He warned that holding company Rodney Parade Ltd faced going into liquidation of a deal was not agreed. The shareholders have been issued with a document providing information on the central issues. It also includes an open letter from Tony Brown, one of the two main financial backers, advocating the deal. Rugby union has been played at Rodney Parade since 1877, and the ground is used by the Dragons regional side, Newport RFC and League Two football club Newport County. The venue is in need of updating, with the pitch suffering from water-logging problems that have led to football and rugby matches being abandoned or postponed. The deal on offer would see:Davies described the Dragons current financial position - set out in the documents sent to shareholders - as "not healthy" and suggested a refusal to go ahead with the takeover could lead to the end of rugby at Rodney Parade. "It all points to one thing.  Rugby stops and the ground stops. ""It's an historic venue known the world over and the protection of the venue has been at the heart of this," he said. "It's an incredibly important evening and we have done everything we can to ensure everything is understood and more importantly the implications of it not being supported. "When you read through the circular and see the accounts you realise what our trading position is. "Our financial situation is not healthy so the circular clearly sets out in the event a "no vote" the directors are likely to call in an administrator or receiver and that leads to events where the ground has to be sold for best price to secured creditors. "It all points to one thing.  Rugby stops and the ground stops. "Newport RFC chairman Will Godfrey said the WRU's offer of £3. 75m for the ground reflected its value as a sports ground. "The problem you have got is that you either treat it as a development site or a sporting venue," he said. "There is limited demand for a sporting venue so when we established the value we consider that to be a fair price for a sporting venue. "Some of the facilities here are pretty old and people coming are going to look at them and say is a further investment going to bring back a return?"Major benefactor Brown said in his letter to shareholders he had initially invested £4m into Newport Rugby Club after his association started in 1997 which was turned into shares and written off when he initially left the board. After returning to the board, Brown claims he and Martyn Hazell put in an extra £5. 5m to 'keep the Newport Gwent Dragons and Newport afloat. 'He said the deal on offer was "the product of two years of many challenging board meetings and difficult decisions being taken to evolve it to this point, once we accepted that the current business model was not working and would ultimately fail. "Both Martyn and myself are over 80 and anxious to cut back on our responsibilities. "Before doing so, we have explored multiple options while trying to ensure a successful Dragons, a secure Newport RFC, protection of the venue and the continuation of professional rugby in Gwent at Rodney Parade. "The WRU became our preferred option rather than a choice of last resort, and I believe they are doing this with the best of intentions. "They are best placed to make a success of the Dragons, and ensure rugby for all continues at Rodney Parade.
Adams won on her professional debut on Saturday but was frustrated to fight over four two-minute rounds. "Every time I felt I was getting close to a stoppage the bell would go for the end of the round," said Adams, 34. On Tuesday, WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman said the organisation "will never allow three-minute rounds". Sulaiman said some boxing jurisdictions had taken "steps backwards" in allowing longer rounds in the women's sport.  He said the organisation would "limit the dehydration and the fatigue elements to lower as much as possible the risk of a tragedy". Flyweight Adams' next bout in Leeds on 13 May is on the undercard of Josh Warrington's WBC International featherweight title fight with Kiko Martinez. As Adams' fight is not for a WBC title, the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) have allowed for the extension of the bout to four three-minute rounds. Ireland's London 2012 Olympic champion Katie Taylor has also called for the move and Adams' management believe it will be the first time a women's bout has featured the same length of rounds as their male counterparts in the UK."Female boxing has come a long way since Jane Couch MBE made the sport possible here in the UK in 1998," said Adams. "However, there is still a way to go until both male and female boxers can campaign under the same competition rules. "Adams is now intent on winning the right for women to wear lighter gloves. The BBBofC's rules specify women must use 10oz gloves, a factor Adams' management believe is even more limiting than round length as gloves become heavier with perspiration as a fight progresses. "It's great that the BBBofC has supported this first change and hopefully changes to glove sizes will come next," said Adams. In the men's game, fighters competing from flyweight to welterweight are allowed to wear 8oz gloves. BBC Radio 5 live boxing pundit Steve Bunce said a move to 8oz gloves would allow Adams to show her power, adding the current 10oz rule was "not good for business".
The king commissioned the piano for the palace from renowned maker Thomas Tomkison in about 1821. The instrument displays the flamboyant taste Tomkison shared with the king. It was bought by Brighton and Hove City Council with funding from Arts Council England and the Victoria and Albert Museum,The piano is thought to have been removed from the Pavilion by Queen Victoria after she ascended the throne in 1837. However, its whereabouts for many years are unknown and it is thought to have held in private collections. A Brighton Pavilion spokeswoman described the instrument as "an elegant rosewood grand, extravagantly decorated, inlaid with brass, gilt mouldings and gilt turnbuckles, with elegantly carved legs". Councillor Alan Robins said: "King George's piano has long been on a wish list of desirable assets for the Royal Pavilion and so we're thrilled to have brought it back to its rightful home. "The piano is playable but as it's been dormant for 20 years will need some restoration.  It would be amazing to be able to hear music of the period played on it.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceLeicester's Selby, who beat Ding Junhui in last year's final, looked on course for a whitewash by going 8-0 ahead. Irishman O'Brien claimed the ninth and 11th to avoid becoming only the second player to exit without winning a frame, but Selby wrapped up the match. He will face either Wales' Ryan Day or China's Xiao Guodong in the next round. Selby has enjoyed a stellar season - claiming four ranking titles, including this month's China Open, though no player has followed that by winning the world title in the same season. The world number one made top breaks of 92, 77 and 66 as he began his attempt to win his third title at the Sheffield venue, which is holding the event for a 40th year. "I'm very happy to get through and happy with the scoreline but my performance could have been better," Selby said.  "I was not killing enough frames off in the first visit and would have liked to have capitalised on them. "I would like to win every tournament I play in.  I am confident and I am playing well enough. "Even if I don't play well, I have a never-say-die attitude and you have to scrape me off the table. "I was gutted not to go 9-0 because I know the history that there has only been one whitewash here.  I was devastated to go in after the first session at 8-1. "Having made light work of O'Brien, Selby has almost a week off, returning to action next Saturday. Dubliner O'Brien came through qualifying by beating David Gilbert in a final-frame decider - the longest frame in snooker history, timed at two hours, three minutes and 41 seconds. But he struggled badly in the first-round encounter, managing a high break of just 32, although he avoided the ignominy of joining Eddie Charlton - who lost 10-0 to John Parrott in 1992 - as the only players not to win a frame at the championship. He has now lost six successive meetings against Selby, claiming just four frames in a run stretching back to 2006. "When I won my first frame, it was good because the crowd were so supportive and willing me not to get the whitewash," said O'Brien. In an all-Scottish tie, qualifier Stephen Maguire claimed eight frames in a row to trounce Anthony McGill 10-2. Maguire, who has won five ranking titles, has fallen to 24th in the world but was in good scoring form, compiling breaks of 97, 66 and 60 to go through. Meanwhile, five-time champion Ronnie O'Sullivan was pegged back to a 5-4 lead over debutant Gary Wilson. Former taxi driver Wilson fell 5-1 behind but took the last three frames of the session, including the ninth having needed snookers. On the other table, Kyren Wilson leads 5-4 against Crucible first-timer David Grace.
Emma Morano was born on 29 November 1899 in the Piedmont region of Italy.  She was officially the last person born in the 1800s still living. She had attributed her longevity to her genetics and a diet of three eggs a day, two of them raw. Ms Morano was the oldest of eight siblings, all of whom she has outlived.  She died at her home in the northern city of Verbania. Her life not only spanned three centuries but also survived an abusive marriage, the loss of her only son, two World Wars and more than 90 Italian governments. Ms Morano had admitted that her longevity was partly down to genetics: her mother reached 91 and several sisters reached their centenary. But it was also down to a rather unusual diet of three eggs - two raw - each day for more than 90 years. It was a regime she took up as a young woman, after the doctor diagnosed her with anaemia shortly after World War One. She had cut down to just two eggs a day, and a few biscuits recently. Her doctor of 27 years, Carlo Bava, had told AFP news agency that she rarely ate vegetables or fruit. "When I met her, she ate three eggs per day, two raw in the morning and then an omelette at noon, and chicken at dinner. "Ms Morano also credited her longevity to her decision, in 1938, to kick out her husband - a year after her baby boy died at just six months old. The marriage had never been healthy, she said.  She had been in love with a boy who was killed during World War One, and had no interest in marrying someone else. But, she told La Stampa newspaper in an interview when she was a spritely 112 that she was left with little choice. "He told me: 'If you're lucky you marry me, or I'll kill you'.  I was 26 years old.  I got married. "Eventually, it became too much.  Though they separated in 1938, they remained married until he died in 1978.  Ms Morano, who worked until she was 75, chose never to marry again. "I didn't want to be dominated by anyone," she told the New York Times. She had only taken on a full-time carer a couple of years ago - but had not left her small two-room apartment for 20 years. According to the US-based Gerontology Research Group (GRG), the world's oldest human being is now Jamaican Violet Brown, who was born on March 10, 1900.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceEleven months on from their first Scottish Cup triumph in 114 years, the feel-good factor around the Edinburgh outfit continued with confirmation their three-year spell in the second-tier Championship is over. "Hopefully we will not be back here for quite a while," Lennon added. "We've handled the big games pretty well.  We've been a little bit inconsistent at times, but I think next season, we have players who can play at the Premiership level.  I think they'll enjoy it and flourish there.  The hard bit for me was getting out of this division, because it's so competitive. "So, having justified their position as favourites by sealing the title with three games to spare, how well equipped are Hibs for their return to the big-time?BBC Sport Scotland spoke to chief executive Leeann Dempster (LD) and former players Michael Stewart (MS) and Craig Paterson (CP) to assess their prospects. LD: "There are a lot of great things happening at the club.  We have a fantastic academy with some of the best young players in Scotland coming through.  We have got a great squad of players and a great management team, and we want to keep as much continuity as we can.  We didn't get promoted in the last two years but we had a brilliantly solid base. "MS: "I don't think there needs to be a major overhaul.  If you look at the quality in the side it's a vast improvement on the teams Hibs had prior to their relegation.  That is borne out by the fact they have done so well against top-flight opposition in the cup competitions during their time in the Championship.  There definitely needs to be more goals in the side as apart from Jason Cummings it's a bit lean and he needs more support. "They have been linked with Liam Boyce and someone of that ilk would be a fantastic signing for Hibs.  Louis Moult at Motherwell is another guy who has shown he can score in the top flight regularly.  I'm sure they won't be far off the wish-list for Neil Lennon. "CP: "I don't see a major overhaul.  I don't imagine Hibs have the kind of money to do that, but certainly you want to try and cherry-pick one or two players you think can come and make an impact in the team.  They also need to fend off any interest from other sides in the good players they have there.  I think Hibs have shown against the likes of Hearts [in the Scottish Cup] and Aberdeen [League Cup] that they can compete at that level and I'm sure they'll be thoroughly looking forward to doing it on a weekly basis. ""I'm very proud to be the manger of this club, I've really enjoyed the season, and I've had great support from people like (director of football) George Craig, (chief executive) Leeann Dempster and (chairman) Rod Petrie," said Lennon.  "The board have made my job a lot easier, and the support I've had throughout the city and the club has been fantastic. "LD: "Neil is a wonderful manager and he has done a great job.  He is fantastic with the players, he has a good team behind him and he is genuinely enjoying his time here and we love having him here.  It is a great partnership and long may it continue. "MS: "They've got a squad and a management structure there that is vastly improved on what they had when they were in the Premiership, so it would be a perverse situation if they went back to something of a lesser standing when they are in the top flight. "CP: "I think the biggest thing the board did was push the boat out and get Neil Lennon.  He was a winner as a player, a winner as a manager, he brings a winning mentality and watching Hibs this season, I think that's filtered down to the players. "Watching Hibs a couple of seasons ago, going late into games, you always thought they might just blow it.  This season, they look comfortable, you're thinking Hibs are going to nick a goal and win the game, and that's something they've got to keep going.  The manager brings that - it's important you keep him at the club.  He's given them the Championship title, now you have to give him the tools to go on and take the job on in the top division. "MS: "If you look at the squad they've got at the moment, it's good enough to challenge for the top six and I would expect them to add to the squad they have got.  So I don't see any reason why they won't target the top six and I'm pretty sure Neil Lennon wouldn't settle for anything less. "CP: "Hearts and Rangers went up and were immediately competitive.  Hibs have got to believe they're in the same category.  They're the same kind of side, they're a team who should have aspirations of competing in that top half. "The club have spent a lot of money over the last couple of years keeping a really strong squad together.  At the third time of asking they've got out of that league, but they've spent a lot of money to do it. "They're a good team this season, they've proved in cup ties they can match teams from the top division, but like every club, they need to add a little bit of quality.  Keep the good players, add in one or two areas, and I think Hibs would definitely be competitive in the top half of the Premiership. "LD: "We have been a Premiership club in terms of behind the scenes even though we weren't promoted in the last couple of years.  But we have the certainty of promotion now and the finances that come with it.  We all know how big this club is and this really is the first stage of where we need to be. "Hibs' average league attendance this season has risen by more than 5,500; the average is 4,000 more than their last season (2013-14) in the Premiership.  They have not had less than 13,000 for a Championship game this season. LD: "Importantly, the supporters have already bought almost 8,000 season tickets even before we knew we were promoted, which is fantastic.  I have to thank them for helping us - we genuinely couldn't have done it without them. "CP: "They've done it in the face of adversity; now the fans should be looking forward to games against Rangers, Celtic, and the derby [v Hearts] four times a season.  The club have got to enthuse them.  The way you do that is give them something to look forward to, and that means a team worth watching and following, and that takes a little bit of money, unfortunately. "CP: "I think it does.  You add in another quality team who've got a support and a travelling support, that always adds something to the mix and teams will be happy to see that.  But for Hibs, it's all about testing yourself, and they want to do that.  They've been desperate for three seasons to get back into an arena where you can go up against the big guns and show you can do it. "MS: "Celtic are out there on their own at the moment but the make-up of the top six inevitably will be more competitive with Hibs in there.  It's a benefit to the game in this country to have a club the size of Hibs back in the top flight.  It makes it a lot more attractive for players and fans. "CP: "I think they'll enjoy it.  People will love coming to Easter Road - a great stadium, good playing surface - but they know it's another team that's going to be very difficult to beat. "If you're in that bottom half, you don't want quality coming up every year.  They've had Hearts, Rangers, now they've got Hibs.  It is difficult up there, because every time someone comes up, you know that it might just push you down into that area where you're fighting relegation yet again.
The Czech world number 233 edged Estonia's 99th-ranked Kontaveit - who beat Britain's Heather Watson in the first round - 6-4 7-6 (8-6). Vondrousova had beaten Czech compatriot and world number 18 Barbora Strycova in the semi-final. Sunday's victory moves her close to the top 100 for the first time. Croatia's Borna Coric saved five match points to defeat Germany's Philipp Kohlschreiber 5-7 7-6 (7-3) 7-5 to clinch his first ATP title at the Grand Prix Hassan II in Marrakech. Coric, the 20-year-old world number 79, trailed 3-0 in the second set and 4-2 in the decider before he rallied to beat the third-seeded Kohlschreiber, who was bidding for an eighth title.
Molinari stormed into contention with two eagles in the last seven holes to set a clubhouse target of nine under par, which Dunne was able to match thanks to a birdie on the last. The players then returned to the 18th hole for a sudden death play-off. A scrappy par proved to be enough for Molinari to secure the title. Dunne, who had enjoyed a two-shot lead going into the final round, found trouble off the tee and failed to get up and down from a greenside bunker. The 24-year-old's second place finish was his best ever on the European Tour however. "I felt like there were just so many shots that slipped away from me.  It's just one of those days," said Dunne. "I felt like I was really close to shooting four or five under and stuck with one under in the end.  I'm happy with my form and looking forward to next week. "I'm just a bit disappointed not to come out with the result we wanted but it's a step in the right direction. "For the Italian, it was his first European Tour success since 2010.
Mewn cam annisgwyl, wrth siarad o flaen 10 Downing Street, dywedodd fod y wlad yn dod at ei gilydd yn dilyn pleidlais Brexit y llynedd, ond nad oedd gwleidyddion y gwrthbleidiau yn San Steffan wedi gwneud hynny. Bydd pleidlais yn cael ei chynnal yn y Senedd ddydd Mercher ar argymhelliad y Prif Weinidog, ac mae'r blaid Lafur wedi dweud y bydd yn pleidleisio gyda'r llywodraeth. Rhaid i Theresa May dderbyn cefnogaeth y senedd i gynnal etholiad cyn dyddiad swyddogol yr etholiad nesaf oedd wedi ei chlustnodi - yn 2020. Byddai etholiad cyffredinol ym mis Mehefin yn sicrhau arweinyddiaeth gref a chadarn wrth i'r llywodraeth gynnal trafodaethau gyda'r Undeb Ewropeaidd yn y misoedd i ddod, meddai Mrs May. "Ar foment genedlaethol arwyddocaol fe ddylai fod undod yn San Steffan ond yn lle hynny mae rhwygiadau.  Mae'r wlad yn dod at ei gilydd ond dyw San Steffan ddim. "Dywedodd Mrs May bod y pleidiau eraill yn gwneud eu gorau i lesteirio amserlen y DU i adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd. Ychwanegodd: "Mae ein gwrthwynebwyr yn credu bod mwyafrif y llywodraeth mor fach y byddwn yn simsanu, y gallen nhw ein gorfodi i newid llwybr.  Ond maen nhw'n anghywir. "Os nad ydyn ni'n cynnal pleidlais gyffredinol rŵan bydd eu gemau gwleidyddol yn parhau. "Dywedodd hefyd bod y rhwygiadau yn peryglu ymdrechion y llywodraeth i gael bargen dda i Brydain wrth adael ac yn achosi "ansefydlogrwydd" i'r wlad. Ychwanegodd ei bod wedi bod yn gyndyn o gymryd y cam o alw am etholiad, ond y byddai'r etholiad er budd y wlad. Dywedodd arweinydd y blaid Lafur yn San Steffan, Jeremy Corbyn: "Rydw i'n croesawu penderfyniad y Prif Weinidog i roi cyfle i bobl Prydain i bleidleisio dros lywodraeth fydd yn rhoi buddiannau'r mwyafrif yn gyntaf. "Ychwanegodd arweinydd y Ceidwadwyr Cymreig, Andrew RT Davies mai dyma'r "penderfyniad iawn i'r wlad". "Rydyn ni eisiau i Gymru a Phrydain ddod allan o'r cyfnod yma yn gryfach, yn decach ac yn edrych fwy tuag allan nag erioed, ac fe fyddwn ni'n glynu wrth ein cynllun ar gyfer Prydain gryfach," meddai. Ond yn dilyn ei chyhoeddiad, trydarodd Prif Weinidog Cymru Carwyn Jones: "Wel, nes i ddim gweld hynny'n dod.  Mae galw etholiad yng nghanol etholiad arall yn od.  Proses heddwch Gogledd Iwerddon yn cael ei hanwybyddu?"Ychwanegodd mewn ail neges: "Mae'n rhaid i mi ddweud nad yw'r etholiad yma "er budd y wlad".  Dylai'r ffocws fod ar Brexit a'r economi, nid polau piniwn. "Dywedodd arweinydd Plaid Cymru, Leanne Wood: "Mae llywodraeth y DU wedi ymrwymo ein gwlad i lwybr economaidd afreolus eithafol. "Mae Cymru angen ASau fydd yn herio'r Torïaid a bod yn llais rhesymol yn y Senedd, gan amddiffyn cysylltiadau economaidd hanfodol ein gwlad gydag Ewrop a gweddill y byd. "Cafodd y cyhoeddiad ei groesawu hefyd gan arweinydd UKIP yn y Cynulliad Neil Hamilton: "Mae hyn yn gyfle gwych i'r etholwyr bleidleisio i gael gwared â'r ASau oedd eisiau aros yn rhan o'r UE yng Nghymru, ac ethol AS UKIP fydd yn cynrychioli eu buddiannau yn y senedd. "Ychwanegodd Mark Williams, arweinydd y Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol yng Nghymru y byddai'r etholiad yn "gyfle i newid cyfeiriad y wlad". "Os ydych chi eisiau osgoi Brexit caled, os ydych chi eisiau cadw Prydain yn rhan o'r farchnad sengl, os ydych chi eisiau Prydain sydd yn agored, goddefgar ac unedig, dyma'ch cyfle," meddai. Dywedodd arweinydd y Blaid Werdd yng Nghymru, Grenville Ham fod yr etholiad yn "gyfle gwych i roi stop ar lymder" gan fod "pleidiau wedi dilyn ideoleg sydd wedi gorfodi caledi diangen ar y bobl fwyaf tlawd ac anghenus ym Mhrydain". O dan reolau'r Ddeddf Cyfnod Seneddol Sefydlog, does gan y Prif Weinidog ddim hawl i gyhoeddi etholiad cyffredinol ar fyr rybudd heb gefnogaeth aelodau Tŷ'r Cyffredin. Yn ôl y polau piniwn diweddaraf, mae gan y Ceidwadwyr fantais sylweddol dros y blaid Lafur - gyda'r Torïaid 21 o bwyntiau ar y blaen yn ôl YouGov. Bydd yr etholiad sydyn hefyd yn golygu y bydd pobl Cymru'n pleidleisio dros 40 o Aelodau Seneddol, yn hytrach na 29 o aelodau, fel oedd wedi ei fwriadu petai'r newidiadau i ffiniau seneddol wedi dod i rym cyn etholiad 2020. Cafodd Mrs May ei hethol yn Brif Weinidog ym mis Gorffennaf 2016, lai na mis wedi'r refferendwm ar adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd. Fe wnaeth ei rhagflaenydd David Cameron, oedd wedi bod yn brif weinidog ers 2010, ymddiswyddo y diwrnod wedi'r bleidlais Brexit.
It is not the done thing to interfere in the internal affairs of a member state after all and Britain is still a member state - just about. EU Council President Donald Tusk has already offered a lesson in what to say when you know you can't say much. He wrote: "It was Hitchcock who directed Brexit - first an earthquake and the tension rises. "That suggests that Mr Tusk has only a hazy knowledge of the works of Hitchcock - but it also hints at an expectation in Brussels that the Brexit debate is about to heat up. In domestic terms, Mrs May is hoping for a strong, clear and personal mandate to lead the Brexit negotiations on her own terms.  And if the Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn wins he would also claim endorsement for placing his own political priorities at the centre of the talks to come. But in European terms, that's something of a secondary issue. The EU Commission's lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, is going to have to deal with whoever is in residence in 10 Downing Street and the strength of the occupant's mandate won't be his concern. His team have already said that while the announcement doesn't change anything, there's a hope that it will produce a strong leader with strong backing from the people of the UK.And we can be sure this British election will be watched with even closer attention than usual - not just in Brussels but in the other European capitals where Brexit is going to be a huge issue in the years to come. First, both Theresa May and all her rivals will have to set out their visions for Brexit in much more detail than we've heard so far. British voters will demand nothing less. But in the process, the Barnier team and the governments of France, Germany and the rest will get a feeling for where the British red lines in negotiations really lie. Any British candidate worth his or her salt will try to leave room for manoeuvre in the talks to come after the election, but it will surely be impossible to campaign without giving away at least some detail. And of course there are romantics across Europe who hope that the voice of the Remainers will be heard loud and clear in the British debate to come. The hope that Brexit might be quickly reversed has pretty much faded from the European debate now, but plenty of politicians across the continent will be hoping to hear candidates putting forward the argument for a soft Brexit with the closest possible links to the EU and its single market. That may be wishful thinking, but there'll be strong support for such voices from many quarters in Europe. Europe was taken by surprise by Theresa May's announcement, but not taken aback.  The EU negotiators have been working hard behind the scenes to prepare their position and their message is that they're ready to negotiate with Britain, no matter who occupies 10 Downing Street. This was already a busy year for European democracy - the Netherlands has already voted, while France votes for a president at the weekend and will hold National Assembly elections in June. Germany goes to the polls in September. But there's an awareness that the UK election will be different precisely because it will play a huge part in shaping the British negotiating position on Brexit. And, of course, there's also the fascination of the pure political theatre of it all.
Len Richards has been named as the new chief executive of Cardiff and Vale University Health Board (CVUHB). Mr Richards, who moved from the UK to Australia in November 2013, is expected to start his new post in June. CVUHB chair Maria Battle said he brought "broad international" experience to the role. Mr Richards is currently the deputy chief executive for South Australia Health, a government department responsible for public health in Adelaide. He said there was a lot of hard work to do on the board's financial situation, which is forecasting a Â£31m deficit for the 2016-17 financial year.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceBarker, 22, won the women's 25km points race having previously claimed two silver medals in Hong Kong. British Cycling have admitted it had not paid "sufficient care and attention" to riders' wellbeing. "It's about time they had good press about all the good work they do," Barker told BBC Radio Wales Sport. An investigation into the culture at British Cycling was launched last year after ex-riders complained about their treatment. In March, British Cycling apologised for any "failings" in its performance programme and promised to be more caring to riders following accusations of sexism and bullying. But Wales' Barker, who won silver medals in the madison and scratch races at the championships, said she could not have achieved her success in Hong Kong without the support of British Cycling. "I said I wanted to win the points race about six months ago," said Barker, who won women's team pursuit gold at Rio 2016. "I went into the British Cycling offices, had a meeting and said 'what do you think I could do to win this?'"They completely changed my training, changed all my focuses and the coaching and staff were absolutely fine with that. "I felt so incredibly supported, probably as supported as I did in the lead up to Rio. "I've been supported throughout my career. "Great Britain won five medals in Hong Kong compared to the nine they won at the previous year's Championships in London. Barker does not consider the Championships to be a disappointment and said the team was undergoing a transitional stage. Olympic champions Joanna Rowsell Shand and Sir Bradley Wiggins have retired while fellow Rio 2016 gold medallists Jason Kenny and wife Laura did not compete in Hong Kong. "The big medal winners weren't there so we didn't expect to have a similar medal haul this year," Barker added. "We never went in with massive intentions.  We took a very young team just to get the experience. "There were some really positive performances. "If you just look at the times or the attitudes and the way everybody presented themselves you wouldn't think it was a young team. "I think they're going to go a long way.
Jamie Stevenson's entry, which incorporates a saltire, their black and white colours and their nickname - The Honest Men, won 48% of the votes. The Scottish Championship club were forced to find a new crest as their old one broke ancient heraldic law. Designs were whittled down to a shortlist of five that were voted on by the public. Commercial manager Graeme Miller told his club website: "Nobody wanted to change our badge. "However, when left with no option, I think the route we chose to take has been a hugely positively one. "We visited numerous local schools with our players and mascot Pandamonium and the response from the kids was incredible. "Hundreds of entries were sent in from local youngsters and hopefully the excitement generated when we visited them will have given them an interest in the club for the future. "Winning designer Stevenson, who has lived in Peru for five years, attended his first Ayr match in 1979 and went on to design the club's match-day programme. A badge containing an anchor, representing Ayr's proximity to the sea, came second with 25%. The new badge will be adopted from 1 July.
Carmarthenshire council funded chief executive Mark James in his case over remarks made on Jacqui Thompson's blog. Mr James said in 2012 he would not keep any damages he won. Mrs Thompson, of Llanwrda, must pay Mr James damages of £25,000 in instalments but Mr James's lawyers would not say if this had been or would be given to the council. As well as the damages, Mrs Thompson must also pay about £5,000 in interest and nearly £15,000 in costs for March's enforcement hearing - all the money is due by 2032. BBC Wales understands the legal fees paid by the council on Mr James's behalf were in excess of £35,000. The authority's pledge to cover these fees was found to be unlawful by the Wales Audit Office. Mr James said in 2012 he was not motivated by money and vowed any damages he won would "be paid over to the authority". When asked if this was still the case, his solicitors, Acuity Legal, said Mr James "did not intend to give any further statements or any interviews on this subject". At a hearing at Carmarthen County Court on 23 March to determine a possession order on Mrs Thompson's house, Mark Spackman, on behalf of Mr James, said this was his intention "on a voluntary basis" but was "irrelevant" to the hearing. Judge John Parsons said: "Mr Spackman has told us he's entitled to change his mind. . .  and it appears he has. "The council is not seeking to recoup the money it paid for Mr James's legal fees but is pursuing £190,393 owed by Mrs Thompson. A High Court ruling said the blogger's "unlawful campaign of harassment and defamation" against Mr James meant she was "the author of her own misfortune". Mrs Thompson said it would be "completely unacceptable" if Mr James had changed his mind and chosen to keep the moneyA council spokesman said: "The council's position on this matter is well documented and subject of public record.  There is nothing further to add.
King, who won team pursuit gold with GB at London 2012 and is a three-time world champion in the discipline, has focused on the road since 2014. Southampton-born King, 26, represented England at the 2014 Commonwealth Games but is now based in Wales and meets the qualification criteria. "It is a possibility," King said. "It's still being decided at the moment. "King trains in Cardiff and is engaged to Welshman and former rider Matt Rowe, brother of Team Sky cyclist Luke Rowe. "I think my major target would be the road, but I'd like to think I could go well in the bunch races on the back of road training and specific track training as well," King said. "At the moment I'm focusing on the road, but I do miss racing on the track. "King was left out of British Cycling's plans for Rio 2016 having won gold four years earlier with Laura Kenny and Joanna Rowsell-Shand. The four-rider, four-kilometres team pursuit - one rider and one kilometre was added to the women's event in late 2014 - is part of the Commonwealth Games programme. Wales could potentially have a a strong team with 2016 Olympic champion Elinor Barker, world medallist Ciara Horne, Manon Lloyd and Amy Roberts also in contention. "It's whether it would fit with my specific target and also whether I'd be good enough to slip into a team pursuit line-up," King added.
Humans are thought to have arrived in the New World no earlier than 25,000 years ago, so the find would push back the first evidence of settlement by more than 100,000 years. The conclusions rest on analysis of animal bones and tools from California. But many experts contacted by the BBC said they doubted the claims. Thomas Deméré, Steven Holen and colleagues examined material from the Cerutti Mastodon site near San Diego.  The site was originally uncovered in 1992, during highway construction work.  Possible stone tools were discovered alongside the smashed up remains of a mastodon (Mammut americanum)- an extinct relative of mammoths and living elephants. The researchers behind the latest study were unable to carry out radiocarbon dating on the remains, so they used a technique called uranium-thorium dating on several bone fragments, coming up with a date of 130,000 years. The team members found that some of the bones and teeth bore a characteristic breakage pattern known as spiral fracturing, considered to occur when the bone is fresh.  Additionally, some of the bones showed typical signs of being smashed with hard objects. Rocks found alongside the mastodon remains show signs of wear and being struck against other surfaces, the researchers say.  They conclude that these represent hammerstones and anvils - two types of stone tool used by prehistoric cultures around the world. Dr Deméré, curator of palaeontology at the San Diego Natural History Museum, said the totality of evidence at the site had led team members to the conclusion that "humans were processing [working on or breaking up] mastodon limb bones using hammerstones and anvils and that the processing occurred at the site of burial 130,000 years ago". Dr Steve Holen, co-director of the Center for American Paleolithic Research in South Dakota, commented: "We have conducted two experiments breaking elephant bones with large rock hammers and anvils.  We produced exactly the same kind of fracture patterns as we found on the Cerutti mastodon limb bones. "He added: "We can eliminate all of the natural processes that break bones like this.  These bones were not broken by carnivore chewing, or by other animals trampling on this bone. . .  the distribution patterns of the fractured pieces of bone right around the anvils is fairly conclusive evidence because we see that experimentally also. "It's not entirely clear why early humans were processing these mastodon remains. "We have no evidence that this is a kill or butchery site, but what we do have evidence of is that people were here breaking up the limb bones of this mastodon, removing some of the big thick pieces - probably to make tools out of - and they may also have been extracting the marrow for food," said Dr Holen. But if the team's conclusions are correct, people could have reached the Americas from Asia via a land bridge across the Bering Strait.  This bridge periodically emerged during cold periods - when ocean water was locked up as ice - and disappeared when the climate warmed again and sea levels rose. The earliest widely accepted evidence for humans in the Americas dates to roughly 15,000 years ago.  This is a field where fierce debate has raged over rolling back the ages of human occupation by one or two thousand years, let alone 100,000. Dr Deméré and colleagues are not the first scientists to posit much earlier dates for people settling in the Americas.  What distinguishes the latest work is that it has been published in one of the most prestigious peer-reviewed science journals in the world - Nature. However, other experts remain unconvinced by the new evidence.  Prof Michael R Waters, from Texas A&M University in College Station, described the new paper as "provocative". He told BBC News the study "purports to provide evidence of human occupation of the Americas some 115,000 years before the earliest well established evidence". Prof Waters explained: "I have no issues with the geological information - although I would like to know more about the broader geological context - and the likely age of the locality.   However, I am sceptical of the evidence presented that humans interacted with the mastodon at the Cerutti Mastodon site. ""To demonstrate such early occupation of the Americas requires the presence of unequivocal stone artefacts.  There are no unequivocal stone tools associated with the bones. . .  this site is likely just an interesting paleontological locality. "Prof Tom Dillehay, from Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee, told BBC News the claim was not plausible. Another authority on early American archaeology, Prof David Meltzer from Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas, said: "Nature is mischievous and can break bones and modify stones in a myriad of ways. "With evidence as inherently ambiguous as the broken bones and non-descript broken stones described in the paper, it is not enough to demonstrate they could have been broken/modified by humans; one has to demonstrate they could not have been broken by nature. "This is an equifinality problem: multiple processes can cause the same product. "Chris Stringer, from London's Natural History Museum, said that "if the results stand up to further scrutiny, this does indeed change everything we thought we knew about the earliest human occupation of the Americas," adding: "If true, the results may well mean that archaic people like the Denisovans or Neanderthals were the first colonisers of the Americas, rather than modern humans. "He explained that "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence - each aspect requires the strongest scrutiny," but Prof Stringer also observed: "High and concentrated forces must have been required to smash the thickest mastodon bones, and the low energy depositional environment seemingly provides no obvious alternative to humans using the heavy cobbles found with the bones. "The dating method used by the researchers to assign an age to this material works by measuring the radioactive decay of uranium that becomes incorporated into the bones over time. "The type of samples that are most widely dated with this technique are ones that contain uranium as a primary substitution in their structure, such as inorganic carbonates, like cave carbonates, or corals, which take in uranium as they take calcium out of seawater," Dr Warren D Sharp, an expert in isotope dating from the Berkeley Geochronology Center in California, told BBC News. "What they've done in this paper is applied it to bone.  That can be challenging because bones don't contain significant amounts of primary uranium.  They acquire the uranium when they become buried - they take it up from soil porewaters. "He added: "That said, I think the dating is sound.  They have done a very careful job.  They have dated multiple samples and obtained similar results.  The systematics of the concentrations of uranium in profiles across the bones are what you'd expect for reliable dates.  And the bones that they've dated seem to be an integral part of the site, so their age should be relevant to the rest of the observations. "Prof Meltzer said the history of the material from the site meant it would be difficult to ever say with any certainty that humans broke the bones.  He explained: "[The evidence] comes from a site that was excavated [approximately] 25 years ago as a salvage project during a highway expansion. "The kinds of detailed information necessary to understand how these bones and stones came to be. . .  is simply not available.  The authors do what they can with the extant collections, but they necessarily have to rely more on generalisations about what could (or could not) account for the evidence - which gets us back to the equifinality problem. "Follow Paul on Twitter.
The Scot dug deep to claim a 2-6 6-4 7-6 (7-4) victory in a match that lasted two hours 59 minutes. He recovered from two breaks of serve in the third set, his opponent serving for the match at one point. Murray now faces Austria's Dominic Thiem in the last four. Ramos-Vinolas, who is at a career-high world ranking of 19, capitalised on a string of unforced Murray errors to take the first set but was pinned back in the second as the Scot battled back to level. In Monte Carlo, Murray had led 4-0 in the final set before capitulating to a defeat to Ramos-Vinolas. In Barcelona, it was the Spaniard who held a final set lead, winning the first two games before injuring his foot attempting to receive a volleyed return, which led to a lengthy period of treatment. The incident initially benefited Murray, who won the next three games, but Ramos-Vinolas steadied the ship and looked set for victory after breaking in the ninth game. However, Murray dug deep and immediately broke back before taking the match to a tie-break that he largely dominated and clinched on his second match point. "It was obviously a very tough match," said Murray.  "It was kind of the opposite of the match we had last week where probably  today he deserved to win.  He created a lot more chances, he served for the match and couldn't quite get it. "Last week I had 4-0 [in the third set], I felt like I had all of the  chances.  Sometimes on clay matches happen this way, so very happy to get through. "Rafael Nadal, a 10-time winner in Barcelona, joined Murray in the last four courtesy of a 7-6 (7-1) 6-2 win over Korean qualifier Hyeon Chung. The Spanish 14-time Grand Slam champion, 30, takes on Russia's Karen Khachanov or Argentine Horacio Zeballos in the last four. Britain's Aljaz Bedene continued his winning run with a straight-sets win over second seed Ivo Karlovic to reach the Hungarian Open semi-finals. British number four Bedene broke the Croat's serve early in both sets on his way to a 6-4 6-3 victory, and a 15th-straight win. The 27-year-old, ranked outside the top 100 at the beginning of March, has climbed to world number 68. He faces fourth seed Fernando Verdasco or fellow qualifier Laslo Djere next. Bedene came through qualifying in Budapest to reach his first ATP Tour semi-final since January 2016. He also won back-to-back titles on the second-tier ATP Challenger Tour earlier this month. The clay court specialist has now won 22 of his past 23 matches, with the only defeat coming on hard courts at the Miami Masters.
The LottoNL-Jumbo rider triumphed in a sprint ahead of Australia's Caleb Ewan, with Briton Chris Opie third. That came after several riders fell heavily in a dramatic crash in the final metres in Scarborough. Britain's Adam Blythe also finished in the top 10, placing eighth on the 173km run from Bridlington, the first of three stages. Groenewegen also took narrow victory ahead of Ewan in the opening stage of the 2016 event, eventually won by Thomas Voeckler, who is defending his title this year. "The last climb was hard but the team brought me back into position so I could sprint for the win.  It's a beautiful race with a lot of people on the road, that gives you a lot of motivation," he told ITV."Today was one chance and tomorrow is another but we'll see. "Saturday's second stage will start on the bridge in Tadcaster that has been rebuilt after being damaged by floods, and is expected to end in a bunch sprint in Harrogate. Sunday's finale is a gruelling 194. 5km ride from Bradford to Sheffield which takes in eight King of the Mountain climbs, including the Cote de Silsden and the cobbles of Haworth's main street, with four ascents saved for a final 22km circuit. The women's race, featuring Britain's former world champion Lizzie Deignan, takes place over the same 122. 5km route earlier in the day. The Tour de Yorkshire, now in its third year, began as part of the legacy of the county hosting the 2014 Grand Depart for the Tour de France. Overall classification after stage one:1.  Dylan Groenewegen (Ned/LottoNl-Jumbo) 4hrs 09mins 28secs2.  Caleb Ewan (Aus/Orica-Scott) +4secs3.  Chris Opie (GB/Bike Channel Canyon) +6secs4.  Angel Madrazo (Spa/Delko) +8secs5.  Nacer Bouhanni (Fra/Cofidis) +10secs6. .  Steele von Hoff (Aus/One Pro) Same time7.  Kristian Sbaragli (Ita/Dimension Data) Same time8.  Andre Looij (Ned/Roompot) Same time9.  Adam Blythe (GB/Aqua Blue Sport) Same time10.
Rovers began in the final relegation place, level on points with Forest with an inferior goal difference. Charlie Mulgrew's free-kick and Danny Guthrie's strike put Rovers ahead, before Lasse Vibe flicked one back. Craig Conway's spot-kick made it 3-1, as Bees' Harlee Dean saw red but Forest and Birmingham wins sent Rovers down. With Birmingham only leading 1-0 against Bristol City at Ashton Gate, a goal for the Robins would have sent Blues down instead of Blackburn - but Harry Redknapp's side held on. Blackburn had lifted themselves out of the drop zone earlier in the day thanks to Mulgrew's superb free-kick into the top corner. Guthrie's scuffed effort, which Bees keeper Daniel Bentley should have kept out, doubled their lead, but Britt Assombalonga's goal to put Forest ahead at the City Ground dropped Rovers back into the bottom three. There was further anguish for Tony Mowbray's side when Vibe got in front of a defender at the near post to turn in Dean's delivery. Mowbray threw on attack-minded Lucas Joao, Marvin Emnes and Conway in a bid to improve their goal difference. Emnes was then fouled in the box by Dean, who was given his second yellow card, and Conway blasted home the penalty. But Rovers, with an inferior goal difference to Forest of just two goals, were relegated to the third tier for the first time in 37 years. It has been a season-long struggle for Blackburn, both on and off the pitch, having failed to rise above 20th in the table all season. Supporters have also protested against owners Venky's, who have seen the club slide from the Premier League to the third tier in their seven years at the helm. Some fans voiced their concern prior to the match that relegation this season could lead to potential administration. Away from the boardroom, the Lancashire side began the season with Owen Coyle at the helm, who could claim he was not backed in the transfer market, having spent £250,000 of the £10m he recouped in the transfer market. Coyle left in February after losing just under half his matches in charge and was replaced by Mowbray with the club three points off safety with 15 games to play. Mowbray had moved to Ewood Park five months after resigning as manager of League One side Coventry, a club that were also relegated this term and with controversial owners of their own. The new manager's change to a back three proved important in Rovers giving themselves a chance of survival, but it was too late for the 1994-95 Premier League winners. Blackburn manager Tony Mowbray:"I am disappointed now but we have to try to keep the spirit we showed here and, if we do, the club will be very strong in League One next year. "It's decided over 46 games and at the end of the season everyone at the club from the players to the medical team and the analysts have not been good enough to stay in this division. "We have to take it on the chin.  It's going to be a huge summer for us in terms of recruitment, and conversations with the owners are coming - we have to recruit well, be strong next year and bounce back. "We need to keep our under-contract players.  If we do, we will hopefully be too strong for a lot of clubs in League One.  We just need to turn the ship around and get promotion. "Brentford boss Dean Smith:"We wanted to finish the season on a high but there were a lot of tired legs out there - at the end they were putting their bodies on the line and that showed how much it mattered to do their best for the other clubs down there. "It was what we were doing when we didn't have the ball that annoyed me in the first half.  I gave them a rocket at half-time and we started the second half quite well but couldn't make our possession count. "I feel for Tony.  He has done a great job there and if he's allowed to keep the players he has, and the club keep him, then I'm sure they'll be knocking on the door to come back up next season. "Match ends, Brentford 1, Blackburn Rovers 3. Second Half ends, Brentford 1, Blackburn Rovers 3. Corner,  Blackburn Rovers.  Conceded by Daniel Bentley. Attempt saved.  Elliott Bennett (Blackburn Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.  Assisted by Craig Conway. Foul by Florian Jozefzoon (Brentford). Ryan Nyambe (Blackburn Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt blocked.  Darragh Lenihan (Blackburn Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.  Assisted by Craig Conway. Attempt missed.  Craig Conway (Blackburn Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left following a corner. Corner,  Blackburn Rovers.  Conceded by Nico Yennaris. Attempt blocked.  Lucas João (Blackburn Rovers) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.  Assisted by Marvin Emnes. Attempt missed.  Marvin Emnes (Blackburn Rovers) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left.  Assisted by Jason Lowe with a headed pass. Attempt blocked.  Marvin Emnes (Blackburn Rovers) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Substitution, Brentford.  Florian Jozefzoon replaces Sergi Canos. Goal!  Brentford 1, Blackburn Rovers 3.  Craig Conway (Blackburn Rovers) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the high centre of the goal. Second yellow card to Harlee Dean (Brentford) for a bad foul. Penalty conceded by Harlee Dean (Brentford) after a foul in the penalty area. Penalty Blackburn Rovers.  Marvin Emnes draws a foul in the penalty area. Harlee Dean (Brentford) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Lucas João (Blackburn Rovers). Corner,  Blackburn Rovers.  Conceded by Andreas Bjelland. Craig Conway (Blackburn Rovers) is shown the yellow card. Harlee Dean (Brentford) is shown the yellow card. Attempt blocked.  Nico Yennaris (Brentford) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.  Assisted by Jota. Corner,  Brentford.  Conceded by David Raya Martin. Attempt saved.  Jota (Brentford) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.  Assisted by Andreas Bjelland. Attempt missed.  Sergi Canos (Brentford) right footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses the top right corner.  Assisted by Lasse Vibe with a cross. Substitution, Blackburn Rovers.  Marvin Emnes replaces Danny Graham. Attempt missed.  Alan McCormack (Brentford) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left following a corner. Corner,  Brentford.  Conceded by Ryan Nyambe. Offside, Blackburn Rovers.  Danny Graham tries a through ball, but Lucas João is caught offside. Attempt missed.  Yoann Barbet (Brentford) header from the centre of the box misses to the left.  Assisted by Jota with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Brentford.  Conceded by David Raya Martin. Attempt saved.  Lasse Vibe (Brentford) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.  Assisted by Josh Clarke. Attempt missed.  Nico Yennaris (Brentford) header from the centre of the box misses to the left.  Assisted by Alan McCormack. Attempt blocked.  Lucas João (Blackburn Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.  Assisted by Sam Gallagher with a headed pass. Lasse Vibe (Brentford) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Jason Lowe (Blackburn Rovers). Substitution, Blackburn Rovers.  Lucas João replaces Elliott Ward. Attempt missed.  Sergi Canos (Brentford) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left.  Assisted by Romaine Sawyers. Substitution, Brentford.  Alan McCormack replaces Konstantin Kerschbaumer.
They have been taken to UN centres in Dohuk in Kurdish northern Iraq. It is unclear whether they escaped in Iraq or were freed, as the UN declined to give more information to avoid jeopardising future releases. IS killed and enslaved thousands of Yazidis after seizing the northern town of Sinjar in 2014. Kurdish Peshmerga forces regained control in 2015 but many Yazidis were held captive by IS elsewhere as the group took over large swathes of northern Iraq. The 36 survivors include men, women and children who were enslaved, the UN Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs said. They reached Dohuk two nights ago where they are being housed in centres established by the UN Population Fund. There, they are being reunited with family members and offered care including clothing and medical and psychological aid, the UN said. The women and children are being cared for at dedicated service points and will be referred for more specialised treatment. The UN's humanitarian co-ordinator for Iraq, Lise Grande, said the UN was going to do "everything possible" for the rescued Yazidi. "What these women and girls have endured is unimaginable," she said. Who, What, Why: Who are the Yazidis?The UN - which has accused IS of committing genocide against the Yazidi - estimates that 1,500 women and girls are still being held and could be suffering protracted sexual abuse. A UN report released last year said the extremists had subjected captured Yazidis to the "most horrific of atrocities", killing or enslaving thousands, warning IS aimed to completely erase their way of life. In March.  lawyer Amal Clooney urged the UN to back a UK-led investigation into the crimes committed by IS.IS has been under increasing pressure in Iraq, losing much of the territory it seized in 2014. Iraqi forces have recaptured most the city of Mosul from IS, but they are still trying to push the group out of the Old City district in the west.
Gosport Borough Council says it brought in the £100 fines to combat dog mess and poorly controlled dogs. Previously walkers were allowed to walk up-to six charges, but this has been curbed with the new Public Spaces Protection Order (PSPO). One professional dog walker said it will affect business. Nick Lower, who runs Gosport Dog Walking, said: "There are a few professional dog walkers who are going to be affected, and members of the public as well. "Sue McNaughton, who will now have to walk her five huskies in two packs said: "I understand where [the council] are coming from, but they're penalising the many because of the few. "I wouldn't walk five dogs if I didn't think I could control them. "Councillor Graham Burgess said: "In a densely-populated borough like Gosport, we do believe new rules are needed. "Some residents are happy about the change, including Jenny Brown who said: "I'm pleased this has come into focus.  I've had so many problems when encountering larger groups of dogs. "Similar fines are in place in other areas including Oxford. In 2011 the council brought in fines for people walking more than four dogs after complaints of packs being out of control. Councillor John Tanner said: "With more than four dogs, you are not taking your dog out for a walk but a pack of potentially dangerous animals for a riot around the park.
The RSPB said 2,270 black-tailed godwits spent time on the island this spring, almost double the previous record of 1,320 in 2013. The majority of the birds this year were found in a tiny field in Kilmoluaig. Godwits often stop off in the Hebrides to refuel during their migration to Iceland, where they breed. Spotters identified some of the birds as having come from France, Portugal and Spain due to the rings fitted on their legs. John Bowler, Tiree officer for RSPB Scotland, said: "Black-tailed godwits are known to stop off here for food on their way to Iceland, particularly when adverse northerly winds hamper their progress across the North Atlantic. "So, with huge numbers of golden plover already noted on Tiree during pretty windy conditions, it wasn't a huge surprise when black-tailed godwits started turning up, too.  However, to see flocks of this size is just incredible. "Hopefully they will enjoy a good breeding season this year and I'm already looking forward to seeing them pass back through Tiree in the autumn.
The meeting, at Mr Putin's summer residence in Sochi, comes at a low point in bilateral relations over the war in Syria and Russia's annexation of Crimea. They are expected to discuss both issues during their meeting - but no breakthroughs are expected. Mr Putin will then meet Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Wednesday. Ties between Russia and Germany have worsened since Russia's 2014 annexation of Crimea in Ukraine, with Germany being a driving force behind the EU sanctions imposed in response. The pair, who are among the most powerful world leaders, have crossed paths at international summits recently. But this meeting - with the official purpose of discussing the G20 summit of world leaders to be held in Hamburg in July - is the first trip Mrs Merkel has made to Russia in two years. Mrs Merkel wants Russia to seek an end to the conflict in Ukraine by using its influence on pro-Russian separatists, and also needs Moscow's co-operation to bring peace to Syria, the BBC correspondent in Berlin, Damien McGuinness, says. But President Putin equally needs Mrs Merkel's support in to lift the EU's sanctions, our correspondent adds.  Mr Putin is also keen to hear her opinion of US President Donald Trump, whom she recently met. The pair spoke frequently before the breakdown in communications since 2014, and were said to have a grudging respect for one another. She speaks Russian, having grown up in communist East Germany, and he speaks German, from his years working for the KGB in Dresden in the 1980s. Russian news outlet Tass said the pair would discuss terrorism, the Middle East, and the Minsk agreements on the Ukraine crisis, quoting a Kremlin press source. But both sides have downplayed the prospect of major breakthroughs during their meeting in Sochi. Germany remains critical of Russia's actions in Crimea in 2014, and the two leaders stand opposed on the war in Syria. The German domestic intelligence agency has also accused Russia of being behind a series of cyber attacks on state computer systems. In contrast, Mr Putin's scheduled meeting with the Turkish president the following day comes at a time of increased co-operation between the two nations. While they back opposing sides in Syria's civil war - with Moscow supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and Ankara his opponents - the two countries began carrying out joint air strikes against the so-called Islamic State in January. The joint operation came a little over a year after Turkey shot down a Russian military jet, resulting in a crisis in bilateral relations. US President Donald Trump is also scheduled to speak to President Putin by phone on Tuesday, the White House announced Monday night.  They are expected to discuss the war in Syria.
The PM revived a line used during her Tory leadership campaign to respond to claims the two clashed over dinner. She also declined to commit to settling the issue of expats' rights by June. EU sources claim UK misunderstanding of the talks process, and ignorance about how Brussels works, could lead to no deal being agreed on the UK's exit. According to German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine, the prime minister and Mr Juncker  clashed last Wednesday at Downing Street over Mrs May's desire to make Brexit "a success" and whether the issue of protecting the rights of expat UK and EU nationals could be agreed as early as June. Speaking to BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg, Mrs May said there were a lot of similarities and common ground in the two sides' positions. She added: "But look, I think what we've seen recently is that at times these negotiations are going to be tough. "During the Conservative Party leadership campaign I was described by one of my colleagues as a bloody difficult woman.  And I said at the time the next person to find that out will be Jean-Claude Juncker. "The "bloody difficult" quote came from former Conservative chancellor Ken Clarke, who was recorded discussing her after a TV interview last year. Asked about the German newspaper report, Mrs May said: "I don't recall the account that has been given of the meeting that took place, I think that a lot of this is Brussels gossip. "But she said that the talks would be tough and would involve either her or Jeremy Corbyn lining up for the UK against the other 27 EU leaders. Theresa May's comment is revealing about her strength, and also her weakness.  No political leader wants to be seen to be pushed around.  When the UK talked tough as a member of the EU the others had no choice but to listen. But now the UK is on the way out, the incentives for the others to pay attention - let alone do our bidding - is very different. Refusing to be pushed around is one thing, refusing to show any sign of compromise or listen quite another. Read more from LauraPressed on whether she did believe the issue of the rights of EU nationals in the UK - and Britons abroad - could be settled in June, she said: "I've always said that I want this to be an issue that we address at an early stage. ""I've always said that there are complexities to this issue and lots of details that will need to be agreed.  What people want to know is to have some reassurance about their future.  I believe we can give that at an early stage.  I've got the will to do this," she added. She also said she would have "no intention of doing anything other" than serving a full term until 2022 if she wins the 8 June general election. Opposition parties have accused the Tories of pursuing a "hard Brexit" strategy, with the PM insisting no deal is better than a bad one and planning to withdraw the UK from the EU single market. The first edition of the London Evening Standard published under the editorship of ex-chancellor George Osborne was headlined "Brussels twists knife on Brexit", with an editorial warning the PM against seeking a "blank cheque" from the EU.Launching his party's Brexit strategy, ex-Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said Mrs May had "chosen to pursue the most extreme and damaging form" of EU departure. He said his party would offer another EU referendum in which it would campaign to Remain.
Cornwall Live said its journalists were told they could not broadcast the PM's visit via Facebook Live. The publication, owned by Trinity Mirror, took to social media to vent its frustrations. The Conservatives said the reporters' "last minute" request to film had "not been possible" because a pooled resource had already been agreed. Reporters and broadcasters are traditionally given a pooled resource for video, stills and text at such events. Read more on this story and others from CornwallCornwall Live sent two reporters and a photographer to cover the prime minister's visit to Helston. The reporters published a photo of the room they were held in while the PM was interviewed by other media. Editor Jacqui Merrington said they were "a lot more" than a local newspaper. "When we arrived. . .  we were told we were not allowed to film anything because we were invited as print media, which seems a bit 20th Century really. "She added: "We are digital media and that is the case for most local media nowadays and to be restricted on that basis seems very archaic. "A spokesman for the Conservatives said Cornwall Live only made a request to film on the morning of the visit. "One media organisation's last minute request to add a camera to a pre-arranged pool of broadcast cameras was not possible this morning. "The organisation's journalists did interview the prime minister and their photographer accompanied [her] on a factory tour.
The 20-year-old striker was sent off by Mike Jones in Blues' 2-0 win on Saturday. But an FA Regulatory Commission upheld Blues' appeal for wrongful dismissal. Adams is now free to play against Bristol City on Sunday, with Harry Redknapp's side needing victory to secure Championship safety. Blues are 20th in the table and go to Aston Gate two points clear of the relegation zone but with an inferior goal difference to Nottingham Forest and Blackburn immediately below them.
Brendon Constant, 87, was accused of smothering his 86-year-old wife Jean with a plastic bag at Poppyfields care home in Eynesbury, near St Neots. He died in hospital after suffering "catastrophic" head injuries in a fall at home, Cambridge Crown Court heard. Mr Constant, of Richmond Road, Wisbech, did not enter a plea to the murder charge before his death. Cambridge Crown Court heard he had attempted to kill himself at the same time as his wife was killed last August but survived and faced court proceedings. His barrister, Sally Hobson, said he suffered a fall at home on April 27 after celebrating his grandson's birthday and that there was "no suggestion he took his own life". She said: "When he retired to bed, he spoke briefly to his great-granddaughter, then went upstairs and fell and suffered catastrophic head injuries. "Mr Constant was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge and his family agreed to switch off his life support machine the following day. "He had hoped to end his life together with his wife in August last year in circumstances they hoped would cause the least distress and discomfort," Mrs Hobson said. Judge David Farrell voiced concerns over the fact Mr Constant had been granted bail and fell at home. He said: "Everyone thought he was in a safe environment so I'm concerned all proper care was given to him. "A post-mortem examination concluded that Mrs Constant died of asphyxia in association with heart disease. Her body was discovered by police who were called to Poppyfields care home in Chapman Way, Eynesbury, near St Neots, on August 22.
O'Donnell returned from injury to play four games at the end of the season. Captain Hogan, full-back Smith and midfielder Mafuta were all regulars for Neil Aspin's team. Manager Aspin has retained 14 players, and released five in Mitch Brundle, Toby Ajala, Nick Cassidy, Shaun MacDonald and Jack Elliott. The Tynesiders missed out on the play-offs, finishing three places and twelve points behind fifth-placed Aldershot. Retained players: James Montgomery, James Bolton, Manny Smith, Jamal Fyfield, Wes York, Danny Johnson, Danny Burns, Dan Hanford, Jordan Burrow, Macaulay Langstaff, Nyal Bell, Luke Hannant, Paddy McLaughlin and Tom White.
Duffy is the only nominee from outside the Premiership, having led the Ton to the play-offs and the League Cup semis. Rodgers is targeting the domestic treble in his first season in Scotland. McInnes's Dons have reached two cup finals and are second in the league, while Thistle achieved a top-six spot. Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths praised Rodgers for his "exceptional" man-management skills, adding: "he's different to what I've had before. "He's very straight down the line.  He tells you why you're not playing.  His attention to detail in everything we do [was evident] from the first day he came in. "We have progressed as a team and grown in stature and we're showing everyone what we're all about now.  The only way we're going to go is forward. "Griffiths added: "If I had to choose one of the other three, I'd go for Alan Archibald. "His Thistle team came here a few weeks ago and played really well to get a point.  With the chances they had, they could maybe have won the game. "With the budget they have and the way they are playing, they deserve to be in the top six. "The winner will be announced at PFA Scotland's annual awards dinner in Glasgow on Sunday.
Top-flight sides Birmingham City and Manchester City will meet at the national stadium on Saturday, 13 May. The attendance is now set to surpass the 32,912 that saw Arsenal Ladies beat Chelsea 1-0 in the 2016 final. Wembley staged the event for the first time in 2015 and is set to continue doing so for the foreseeable future. Birmingham - who won the trophy at Ashton Gate in 2012, in front of fewer than 9,000 people - are in their second final, while Women's Champions League semi-finalists Manchester City are yet to win the competition. The 2016 Women's Super League One champions beat Liverpool in this year's semi-finals, while Birmingham knocked out 2015 winners Chelsea on penalties.
The profit included a 'write back' of £27m in impairment charges. That means money which had been set aside to cover expected losses can now be released as loans performed better than expected. These are the first performance figures the bank has published since a corporate reorganisation in 2015. At that time the bank's parent company, RBS, split Ulster Bank's Irish operation into separate businesses, north and south of the border. Richard Donnan, head of Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland, said the results also showed a 6% decline in operating costs from £154m to £145m. "We still have work to do to manage our costs in order to grow our business in a sustainable way, but we have made significant progress on that front," he said. "I am pleased that we have impairment write backs of £27m, driven by improved residential and commercial property market conditions. "In March, the bank said it would close nine of its 64 branches from October. Ulster Bank is one of the big four local banks in Northern Ireland, employing about 2,200 staff. In 2016 RBS, which is 72%-government owned, reported a £7bn annual loss.
In fact, the Swedish star has already lost five months to making her third album. . .  and it's still not finished. "I've been really geeking out," she giggles down the phone.  "Almost to a point where it's mathematical, trying to find the balance between all the elements". When inspiration pounces, she can lose "hours, days and weeks" in the studio, "just bending different sentences and rhymes to find the best fit, to find the missing piece of the puzzle". Pop, in particular, puts "so much focus on what you say," she adds.  "You have to be really neat and concise.  It's important you get it right. "So it's about puzzling together a song, a good pop song, that makes sense.  It really is a brain game. "The first result of all this effort is Say My Name, a gigantic pop fizzbomb that's primed to explode all over the charts this month. It's a deceptively simple song built around a quirky ukulele riff, but the chorus sticks like Velcro. "Say my name," sings the star, "wear it out like a sweater that you love, cause I can't get enough when you. . .  say my name". "I really love that chorus," she says.  "It was such a good feeling when we nailed that one.  Like, 'Yes!'"Her painstaking perfectionism reaches a pinnacle in the vocals.  Tove is understated and conversational, making you lean in to the song's coquettish flirtation, where most pop divas would have belted out the melody in one take and gone home for a sandwich. "I don't understand how people do that," she protests.  "I feel like the vocals are such a huge part of the production.  Like, how do I sing this line? How much strength do I put into it? How can I make this melody as interesting as possible? How can I communicate this feeling even more. ""And it's the best feeling when you find that missing piece.  It's like, 'Arrroooggahh!' Amazing. "And if inspiration dries up?"I play solitaire on my phone," laughs the singer.  "I have the song on in the background, and I play solitaire so I'm not concentrating so hard. "It's a good way to make sure you don't overthink it.  If you force the brain into shutting off then, suddenly, something will just come out of your mouth that fits. "Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã–stman Styrke was born and raised in Umea, an unassuming university town near the edge of the Arctic Circle, whose most famous former inhabitant is Stieg Larsson, the author of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Her mother was a ballet teacher; while her father was a musician, whose band Max Fenders scored a number one hit in 1975 with the song Vindens Melodi (Wind Melody), and who set Tove on the path to musical stardom when he gave her her first synthesiser. At the age of 16, she entered the TV talent show Swedish Idol, finishing in third place.  It delivered her a solid fanbase, but she's not particularly enamoured of the experience. "Its really hard to talk about music and a thing like Swedish Idol at the same time," she once said, "because they have nothing to do with each other". "A competition like that, on TV, that's entertainment, that's a popularity competition. . .  And afterwards, that's when you start making music. "Post-Idol, Tove released a rushed, self-titled album which went platinum in Sweden.  But she was unhappy with the way she was being presented, and took a three-year break, moving back home to immerse herself in music and work out who she wanted to be. The result was Kiddo, her second album, written from the perspective of a young woman finding her voice in a world that constantly tries to undermine and break women down. It featured pop's best put-down since You're So Vain ("I bet you hit the ground hard when you fell for yourself") and flicked two fingers at the men who tried to turn her into a flesh-baring pop zombie. "Hot glam seems far away from where I am / I can neither understand it nor demand it," she stated on a track called Number One. Strident, sassy and self-confident, it's no surprise that the album was named after Uma Thurman's character in Kill Bill, Beatrix Kiddo.  Time Magazine called it a "feminist pop triumph", while it made several critics' end-of-year lists in 2015. Although Kiddo didn't sell in the quantities expected of a mainstream pop record, it won the singer recognition from tastemakers on Radio 1, Billboard Magazine and Rolling Stone; while a tour with pop band Years & Years gained her some real world fans. "Being the support act can be a tough job but I couldn't have chosen a better audience if I'd hand-picked them myself," she marvels. "I noticed they had fans who come back to see multiple shows and, after a while, they were all as excited to see me as they were to see Years and Years. "Just walking up on that stage and singing to that audience was amazing.  That was the best thing. "The 24-year-old hopes to capitalise on all this goodwill with her new single - which has just been made track of the week by Radio 1's Greg James. It sees the singer turn her keen lyrical eye towards love for the first time, a move which was prompted not by romance, but politics. "Everybody here [in Sweden] was depressed when Trump won, and you can definitely [see] negative political trends happening in Europe, as well. "With everything being kind of heavy, I'm writing more as a way to escape the world.  I want to be able to zone out for a minute and have a good time. "Say My Name will undoubtedly be seen as a litmus test for Tove's new material at a time when similarly-tipped female pop acts like MÃ˜, Bebe Rexha and Dua Lipa have struggled to gain a foothold. But the singer is undaunted, saying she has a secret stash of hit singles hidden back in Sweden. "I'm going to sound so full of myself but, whatever, I'm a pop princess," she laughs. "I really feel like every song I've done so far is single material.  I don't want to see any of them as 'just an album track. '"In common with Calvin Harris, who has reportedly abandoned albums altogether, she is considering releasing music in a more ad hoc nature, either as a series of standalone singles or themed EPs. "I really appreciate the album format sometimes," she explains.  "Like, Beyonce's Lemonade album wouldn't work as a collection of singles. "But a lot of people, at least in my audience, just pick their favourite songs and add them to a playlist. "That means there's a lot of songs I spend time on that people don't discover.  I just think it's a shame when all of the songs are really good!"Tove Styrke's single, Say My Name, is out now on RCA Records. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents.  If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
The clash with Edinburgh is Townsend's last as Glasgow head coach, before he takes charge of the national team. He will name his squad for the June fixtures against Italy, Australia and Fiji on Monday. "This game is really important in finalising who we're going to take," Townsend told BBC Scotland. "We thought about announcing it a couple of weeks ago, but thought that wouldn't have been fair on the players who are involved in this game. Media playback is not supported on this device"It's the last game of the season, we'll know who is available in terms of injuries after this weekend, and it's an opportunity for certain players that may be close to selection to push themselves into that final squad. "Townsend's Warriors have failed to earn a Pro12 semi-final spot for the first time in five seasons, finishing in sixth place regardless of Saturday's result. Their inter-city rivals have endured a torrid league campaign - ending a run of eight successive defeats with Friday's win over the Dragons - and can finish no higher than ninth. The incoming Scotland boss will lead his new charges on a three-Test southern hemisphere tour, taking on Italy in Singapore, Australia in Sydney, and finally Fiji in the archipelago capital of Suva. "The one positive from a Scotland perspective about neither Glasgow or Edinburgh making the play-offs is that we'll have more time to work with the players," Townsend added. "We'll have a three-week build-up to our tour.  It'll be really exciting, we're going to a new environment, Singapore to play Italy, then Sydney to play Australia, then on to Fiji.  So six weeks working with that group of players is invaluable for us as new coaches. "The former Scotland international, who won 82 caps, will have a near-full-strength compliment of players at his disposal, with Warriors duo Stuart Hogg and Tommy Seymour the only Scots to win selection for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand. "We'll be looking to take our strongest squad," Townsend said.  "So after this weekend the players that are available, players that are on form, players who've played well for Scotland, have got the best chance of going on that tour. "Townsend will also have former Scotland captain Mike Blair at his flank, with the retired scrum-half joining the national coaching set-up for the trio of Tests. Blair took up the role of skills coach with Glasgow after retiring from playing last April, and will remain with the Warriors staff outside of international windows. "Mike's a new coach, he's only been coaching for this season, but he's shown a really good commitment to the role," Townsend said. "He works very hard, he's been a big help to me in terms of the attack, he's been a big help to the players too with the skill work he does and the close work he does with the scrum-halves. "So to have him when we're on tour and when we're in Test windows will be great, but also for him to continue [at Glasgow] working with the group will be excellent for the Glasgow players.
It is the first time Wales' commissioners for children, older people, future generations and Welsh language will appear on stage together, at City Hall. They will discuss how the education system in Wales can play a part in shaping the nation's future. It is the second professional speaking event the Education Workforce Council has held with the Open University.
The Dutch firm said the 26. 9bn euro (Â£22. 8bn) offer undervalued Akzo and showed a "lack of cultural understanding of the brand". The company, which claims its own plans for growth are superior, has been urged to reject a merger by the Dutch government and its own workers. But some Akzo investors favour a deal. PPG said it was disappointed by Akzo Nobel's decision and would "review" the firm's response. It comes several weeks after PPG increased its offer to buy the Amsterdam-based firm for the second time as it seeks to create an industry leader in the paints and coatings sector. The US firm suggested the bid was its last friendly attempt to merge with Akzo and has not ruled out putting the matter directly to shareholders. But responding on Monday, Akzo chief executive Ton Buchner said his team had conducted an "extensive review" of the bid and had again found it wanting. "The PPG proposal undervalues AkzoNobel, contains significant risks and uncertainties, makes no substantive commitments to stakeholders and demonstrates a lack of cultural understanding," he said. Akzo says its own plans for the firm - which involve spinning off its chemicals division into a separate business - would better serve shareholders. It has promised to increase its dividend for 2017 by half and pay a 1bn euro special cash dividend in November. However, it also faces mounting pressure from some of its biggest shareholders to consider a deal, having repeatedly refused to enter talks with PPG's management. Last month, the activist investor Elliot Investors also called for a vote to oust chairman Antony Burgmans - a proposal Akzo rejected. In its favour, Akzo has won political support against a tie-up, with four provincial governments having warned of its impact on jobs. The company also says that PPG would struggle to get the deal past Dutch competition regulators, which poses a risk to shareholders. As part of its latest offer, PPG offered commitments on jobs and to pay a break fee in case the deal was rejected by officials. In a statement on Monday, it said: "[Akzo] has once again refused to enter into a negotiation regarding a combination of the two companies, ignoring the best interests of its stakeholders, including long-term shareholders who overwhelmingly support engagement. "Akzo Nobel shares fell more than 2% in morning trading in Amsterdam but have jumped about 30% this year.
But one nation, Russia, was missing. For the first time in Eurovision history, the host nation barred another country's singer. That is because in 2015, in violation of Ukrainian border rules, Russia's Julia Samoilova performed in Crimea, the Ukrainian peninsula annexed by Russia a year earlier. Samoilova suffers from a neural muscular disorder and has used a wheelchair since childhood. "When the rumours began I might not go, I was so sad," she told the BBC in Moscow.  "I thought, how come? This was my dream.  When the final decision was taken I didn't believe it.  But unfortunately, this is the reality. ""I think it's a stupid reaction," Russian MP Vitaly Milonov tells me.  "They're even afraid of such a small girl to enter Kiev. "Even before Ukraine's ban, Mr Milonov had called for a Russian boycott of Eurovision: "Eurovision became a disgusting socialist nightmare for all these left-wing parties with all their bearded women, or men, with these anti-Christian positions. "I am sure that most conservatives in the world will never attend this festival.  Because this is a festival of Sodom and Gomorrah. "It is supposed to be a festival of peace and friendship but there is not much sign of either in relations between Kiev and Moscow. In eastern Ukraine, 10,000 people have been killed in three years of war: a war in which Russia is directly involved through its military support for separatist rebels.  Crimea remains a source of tension and Eurovision is the latest battleground. "Since 2014, we've had a law in Ukraine that punishes people who illegally cross our border when they visit Crimea," says Ukrainian MP Olha Chervakova. "Did Russia know this? Of course.  Did Russia know that Julia Samoilova would fall foul of this law? Of course.  In other words, entering her in the contest was a conscious provocation to create a huge political scandal. "The ban created a huge headache for Eurovision organisers, the European Broadcasting Union (EBU). Eurovision's Executive Supervisor Jon Ola Sand said in March that Ukraine's decision went "against both the spirit of the contest and the notion of inclusivity that lies at the heart of its values". In an unprecedented move, the EBU offered Russia the chance to take part by satellite from Moscow. Russia declined: after the dramas of last year's Eurovision, Moscow was in no mood to compromise. Ukraine's 2016 winning entry, 1944, sung by Jamala, was about Joseph Stalin's deportation of Crimea's Tatar population. Russia had argued that Jamala's song broke contest rules for being of a political nature.  When it won, Moscow cried foul and said there was politics at play.  Now Russia seems determined to make not only Ukraine look bad, but the entire Eurovision Song Contest. When strangers are coming, they come to your house, they kill you and say 'we're not guilty'Recently, two Russian pranksters - posing as Ukraine's prime minister and his assistant - released online a telephone conversation they had recorded with a woman they claimed was EBU Director General Ingrid Deltenre. If this is the voice of the EBU's top official, it is hugely embarrassing for the EBU, because the woman on the recording makes an astonishing admission about Ukraine's winning song: "I was just too late made aware of the song. "If I would have been earlier, and I think it was on purpose, I would have not allowed the song to participate, to be very transparent. "In a statement, the EBU said it would "not comment on prank calls". But these are high-profile Russian pranksters, who once fooled Elton John into thinking he was talking to Russian President Vladimir Putin. "Now our people don't trust Eurovision any more," one of the pranksters, Alexei, told me.  "People understand that any country can use their political goals to win, so it's not a fair contest anymore. "Perhaps this is not just about a song contest? Or Russia's relations with Ukraine?Equating Eurovision with Sodom and Gomorrah and embarrassing the EBU appear part of a wider pattern of Russia trying to undermine Western institutions and Western liberal ideas. "Russia now defines itself in its social and societal model against the West," believes Jan Techau of the Richard Holbrooke Forum at the American Academy in Berlin.  "The Kremlin explicitly portrays Russian society as a counter model to the corrupted West.  They seem now to buy completely into the idea that whatever harms the West is good for Russia: a classic zero-sum game. "In the run-up to this year's contest, singer Jamala warned that "we should expect more provocations [from Russia] because our victory hurt them a lot. "Security in Kiev is tight ahead of the first semi-final. As for Julia Samoilova, instead of singing at Eurovision this week, she will be performing - once again - in Crimea.  Another political message from Moscow, to Kiev and to Europe.
The 25-year-old former AFC Fylde player has scored 29 goals and assisted 19 this season and moves to the League One club on a three-year deal. Lloyd has been working for a waste disposal company alongside football. "I believe in my ability and believe this is a level I should be playing at.  I wish it was 1 July already," he told BBC Radio Cambridgeshire. "To be brutally honest it was a very easy decision to join Peterborough.  Once I spoke with the gaffer about the way he wants to play, it's very similar to what I've been playing. "I think I'll fit in really well and he thinks I'll fit in really well.  Everyone knows Peterborough United's track record and what they've done for lads from non-league. "First and foremost, this season's about working hard for the club and if the club do well, the lads will do well. "Lloyd is Posh's second signing of the summer, and the second from non-league after the arrival of Ricky Miller from National League side Dover. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
NHS prescriptions have risen steadily in recent years, despite awareness of the risks. Nearly 49,000 items were dispensed in England in 2016. In 2014 the figure was about 37,000, and in 2012 it was 27,000, NHS Digital data shows. Experts say the drug, which can also be given as a gel, is extremely effective and appropriate to use, as long as patients are carefully monitored. Millie Kieve, founder of the campaign group the Adverse Psychiatric Reactions Information Link, has told The Times newspaper that Roaccutane is being overused. The British Association of Dermatologists said as long as safety recommendations were being adhered to then the increasing number of prescriptions was not a cause for concern. The drug carries a warning of side-effects including depression and mood changes. Medicines watchdog the MHRA issued a warning to doctors about the potential for psychiatric disorders such as depression, anxiety, and in rare cases suicidal thoughts, at the end of 2014. It followed some high-profile reports of young people who had killed themselves. The parents of a man who took his own life in 2012 have called for further assessments of its risks. Heather and David Roberts say their son Olly, 32, suffered from anxiety and depression for 11 years after he took a course of Roaccutane. Manufacturer Roche said: "Information provided with isotretinoin [Roaccutane] carries a warning that some patients may experience mood changes, including an increase in depression. "Experts advise:About 80% of adolescents will have acne for some period, and it can occur in adults too. A spokesman from the British Association of Dermatologists said: "Isotretinoin [Roaccutane] is a very effective treatment for acne and has hugely improved many peoples' quality of life, particularly as the psychological burden of acne can be enormous for some people. "Because it is a very potent drug it is vital that it is prescribed by experts, that patients are informed about the potential risks and closely monitored, and that the guidelines for its use are carefully followed.  As long as these recommendations are adhered to then the increasing number of prescriptions for isotretinoin is not, in itself, a cause for concern.
The fight, Adams' second as a professional and first in her home city for 20 years, will be over four three-minute rounds, rather than the usual two-minute rounds for women. The flyweight voiced her frustration with two-minute rounds after beating Virginia Carcamo last month. Salazar, 18, has lost once in six professional contests. Adams, 34, says the extra minute in each round will give her a chance to try out things she has learnt in the gym. She said: "I had two minutes to find my rhythm, distance and take out my opponent.  It's not enough time. "I found, by the end of the rounds, I needed a couple more seconds and it would be over. "Now we have three minutes, I'm able to relax more, establish the jab, find the rhythm properly and really get in the swing of things. "On the same card, WBC international featherweight champion Josh Warrington defends his title against Spain's Kiko Martinez.
PepsiCo said in March it was consulting about plans to close the Peterlee factory to help it make "productivity and efficiency savings" in the UK.A spokeswoman confirmed earlier that production would be moved to the company's other UK sites by December. She said 355 workers had been given notice earlier and all those affected would be offered support. The company is still consulting with its subsidiary firm PRDC Transport about the fate of 23 additional posts associated with the crisp factory. Tracey Foster, Peterlee manufacturing director at PepsiCo UK said: "We appreciate that this is very difficult news for everyone at the Peterlee site. "We would like to emphasise that this decision in no way reflects the performance of our colleagues at Peterlee and we remain very grateful for their hard work and commitment. "Efficiency savings are crucial for ensuring the long-term sustainable growth of our business in the UK."At the time of the consultation, the Labour MP Grahame Morris said the closure proposal was a "bitter blow" for East Durham. In a statement released earlier, the Easington Labour prospective parliamentary candidate said: "PepsiCo has confirmed it has decided to proceed with the closure of the Walkers manufacturing site at Peterlee by the end of December 2017. "Some of the famous crisps made at the factory include Walkers, Lays, Sensations, Scampi Fries, Bacon Fries, Cheese Moments and Cheetos Twisted, the firm said.
The plans for the development on the Hatchfield Farm estate in Newmarket, Suffolk, had been approved by Forest Heath District Council. But last year Local Government Secretary Sajiv Javid refused to accept the decision. Planning judge Mr Justice Gilbart ruled that Mr Javid's decision was fatally inconsistent and "plainly deficient". The case will now have to be reconsidered. Mr Justice Gilbart, sitting in London, quashed the refusal, saying: "The secretary of state has performed a complete and unexplained volte-face in his assessment of the highways impacts of two proposals for development on the same site in Newmarket and has also failed to apply his own National Planning Policy Framework. "The judge said: "There is on any view a requirement for more land for housing and other economic development in the Forest Heath District. "Edward Stanley, the 19th Earl of Derby, brought the legal challenge with Moulton Parish Council and the Rural Parishes Alliance. The judge said local parish councils had for some time argued that growth in the area should not be dispersed among the rural parishes but concentrated in Newmarket. Newmarket Horsemen's Group and some others were concerned that development in the town "may have an adverse effect on the horseracing industry that is based there" and lead to increased traffic. A spokesman for Lord Derby said: "The secretary of state now has a second chance to determine the application.  He should take full account of the significant benefits the planning application will bring to Newmarket when making a decision. "The Department for Communities and Local Government said: "We have received this judgment and will now consider our response.
The English League One club are looking to replace Luke Williams who left the Wiltshire outfit last week after they were relegated. Archibald has impressed The Robins owner/chairman Lee Power in guiding Thistle to a top six finish in the Premiership this season. Partick Thistle say they have yet to receive an approach. Archibald was approached by Shrewsbury in October but decided he had "unfinished business" with Thistle. The 39-year-old is the longest-serving manager in Scotland's top flight and was in the four-man shortlist for the PFA Scotland manager of the year, won by Celtic's Brendan Rodgers. Other names, who have been linked with the Swindon vacancy but appear to be out of the running, are the former Queens Park Rangers boss Jimmy Floyd Hasselabaink and Mansfield Town manager Stevie Evans.
Taylor already knew he was through before his 7-5 win over Adrian Lewis as Dave Chisnall could only draw against James Wade. Michael van Gerwen will meet Gary Anderson in next Thursday's other last-four match at London's O2 Arena. Van Gerwen topped the table after beating Scotland's Anderson 7-4. Fellow Scot Wright finished second to qualify for his first play-offs with a 7-1 victory over already-eliminated Raymond van Barneveld. Taylor will go in search of his seventh Premier League crown buoyed by a convincing win over reigning champion Van Gerwen in week 14. The Stoke thrower, 56, is retiring after the 2018 PDC World Championship concludes in January.
Publicly, his business was business; but, for almost quarter of a century, he was at the centre of an extraordinary chain of events that ultimately led to the historic IRA ceasefire of 1994 and the Good Friday Agreement of 1998. He did that by agreeing to becoming a top-secret contact between sworn enemies - the IRA and the British government. Mr Duddy was a key link - from the early 1970s to the early 1990s - between the Provisional IRA Army Council and the Secret Intelligence Service, acting on the orders of various British governments. He even hosted talks in his own living-room involving a top British spy and Martin McGuinness - talks that would ultimately pave the way for peace in Northern Ireland in the 1990s. Born on 10 June 1936, Mr Duddy spent his early adult life running a family fish and chip shop in Londonderry.  His wife Margo worked behind the counter.  She described it as a "meeting place, where everyone came and sat and chatted". Ironically, the beef burgers were delivered by a certain young van driver called Martin McGuinness.  The same young militant republican would rise to the leadership of the IRA and one day - perhaps indirectly through Mr Duddy's peace efforts - become his country's deputy first minister.  Mr McGuinness died in March. Mr Duddy's apprenticeship as intermediary came in the days before Bloody Sunday in 1972.  He was asked by a friend, Frank Lagan - a fellow Catholic who happened to be Derry's police commander - to try to persuade the Provisional and Official IRA to remove their weapons from the Bogside. After some soul-searching, Mr Duddy made contact with both organisations and they agreed to the request, with the exception of a few weapons left behind by the Officials for so-called defensive purposes. Then came Bloody Sunday, when British paratroopers shot dead 13 civil rights marchers during an anti-internment demonstration in Derry on 30 January, 1972.  A 14th died later. Many consider the events of that day a turning point in Northern Ireland, and Mr Duddy warned Frank Lagan that it would have catastrophic consequences. "We are going to have a war on our hands," he said. In the ensuing violence in 1972, 479 people were killed, the highest annual death toll in what was to become known as the Troubles. The scale of the violence only served to heighten Mr Duddy's determination to work towards peace - a goal it would take unsung heroes like him, and others, more than 20 years to achieve. In 1973, he was introduced to a British government official he knew as Michael Oatley, who was, in fact, a spy from the Secret Intelligence Service (MI6), code-named "The Mountain-Climber". Mr Duddy was to become the messenger between the IRA and the British government, the secret back channel who would pass messages between the two sides and, eventually, arrange meetings between them. The process resulted in direct talks between the British and the IRA leadership in 1974-5, some of which took place in Mr Duddy's own home on Derry's Glen Road. The republican side included IRA chief-of-staff Seamus Twomey, senior Belfast IRA commander Billy McKee, and the then Sinn Féin President Ruairí Ó Brádaigh. During this time, the IRA declared a ceasefire, but it broke down in the face of loyalist violence and the talks ended. The process resumed during the IRA hunger strikes of 1980 and 1981, in which Bobby Sands and nine other prisoners died. Mr Duddy, once again, was the link between the IRA and the British government under Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. Codenamed "Soon", Mr Duddy was a conduit for messages passed back and forth between the two sides. During this time, "Soon" used his contacts to arrange for leading republican Danny Morrison to visit the prisoners in Long Kesh, or The Maze. But the negotiations were fraught with difficulty, as well as a lack of trust on both sides. It would take 10 deaths before the fast was called off in October 1981. Days later, most of the prisoners' demands were met. Sinn Féin was to emerge as a growing political force in Northern Ireland, as republicans now began to use the ballot box and the Armalite hand in glove. In the early 1990s, Mr Duddy hosted talks at his home between Mr Oatley and the intelligence services, and the republican leadership including the late Mr McGuinness. Talking to the enemy had created the opportunity for peace and in 1994, after more than 3,000 deaths, the IRA declared a ceasefire. Mr Duddy's work as the secret peacemaker" was almost done - and the Good Friday peace agreement was signed four years later. According to Martin McGuinness, Mr Duddy's successful role in the peace process was so renowned it even reached Colombia. In 2014, Mr McGuinness said that when he met President Juan Manuel Santos, the Colombian leader told him that when his government opened a back channel with the rebel group Farc, the negotiator was codenamed "Brendan". The peace process was not the only area in which Mr Duddy used his mediating skills. Between 1997 and 2002, he co-chaired talks, along with other members of Londonderry's business community, aimed at resolving tension around the city's Apprentice Boys parade.  The event is now largely trouble-free. He was also a former independent member of the Northern Ireland Policing Board. Meanwhile, his business career thrived - the family firm, Duddy Group, has interests in property, bars, restaurants and hotels, including Derry's City Hotel and the Ramada Hotel in Portrush.
The 24-year-old Belgium-born midfielder has made just 23 Premier League starts since joining from Porto on a five-and-a-half-year contract in February 2016. "Sometimes things just don't pan out as you hope," Hughes said. "It has been a frustration for all parties involved.  It's fair to say with Giannelli that things haven't quite worked out. "Imbula became Portuguese football's record signing when he joined Porto in a £15. 1m deal from Marseille in July 2015. "He hasn't quite adjusted to the Premier League," added Hughes. "If there is interest in him then we would consider that.  We haven't had any interest, in fairness, but we would look at things if the right offer came in.
The 30-year-old joined Cobblers on a one-year deal last summer, making 25 appearances in all competitions. But boss Justin Edinburgh said the club were unable to "get comfortable" with his commitments to DR Congo. "Gaby is a top professional, we wish him all the very best for his future career," said Edinburgh.
One of the uprising's leaders said the soldiers were "ready to fight" if attacked. Sergeant Seydou Koné said they did not want to negotiate with anyone, according to Reuters news agency. The unrest began after a spokesman for the soldiers announced on Thursday that they had dropped their pay demands. In January, they forced the government into paying them about $8,000 (£6,200) each in bonuses to end a rebellion.  They were due to receive a further payment this month and about 8,000 mutineers are unhappy that they were not consulted ahead of Thursday's televised announcement. Three former rebels from the country's civil war era were wounded on Saturday after the mutinous soldiers opened fire in Bouaké to stop them staging their own protest, Sergeant Koné said. There have also been reports of injuries after shooting in the northern city of Korhogo. The military chief of staff, General Sékou Touré, had threatened "severe disciplinary sanctions" on Friday if the uprising did not end.  Shops are closed and soldiers are patrolling and firing in the air in Bouaké, residents said. The mutineers have also taken control of the city of Odienne, in the north, reports say. On Friday, shots were fired in the air at military bases in Abidjan, Bondoukou in the east, Bouaké in the centre, and Korhogo.  It is believed the mutineers were firing blanks. In response, elite Republican Guard troops in Abidjan fired warning shots that pushed the mutineers back inside the military headquarters compound in Abidjan, Reuters reported.  The situation in the city on Saturday was said to be calm. Reacting to the spreading unrest, President Alassane Ouattara held an emergency meeting of the country's security council. The mutiny has raised fears of a resurgence of the violence seen during Ivory Coast's 10-year civil war, which ended in 2011. Many of the mutineers in January were thought to be former rebels who joined the army after the conflict.
Real Madrid's Gareth Bale will hope to prove his fitness and win a third European major title in his home town on Saturday, 3 June and watching with interest will be another high profile Cardiff-born football figure. Terry Yorath was the first Welshman to play in a European Cup final, as it was then, when his Leeds side of 1975 lost 2-0 to Bayern Munich in Paris. For a man raised in the city's Grangetown area, the sight of club football's biggest global game being staged in Cardiff is still something Yorath finds hard to believe. "I never thought a European Cup final would be here in Cardiff in my lifetime," said Yorath. "We have a fantastic stadium and when the Italians and Spaniards come here they will enjoy the city and make it one big party.  We should be proud of that. "Bale will aim to fulfil the dream of playing in his home city as he hopes to shrug off an injury which has sidelined him for almost a month. "I hope Gareth plays because it would be great for him," said Yorath. "When you look back 12 months when the game was announced, he would have been thinking 'I hope we are there'.  His family must be so proud. "He is injured at the moment, but it would be fantastic if he scored and Real Madrid won. "While Bale might be the latest Welshman to appear in a European final, Yorath was the first as he played his part during Leeds' controversial 2-0 defeat to a German side captained by Franz Beckenbauer in the French capital 42 years ago. A series of refereeing decisions went against the English champions that day and crowd trouble involving Leeds fans marred the Parc des Princes occasion in which fellow Welshman, goalkeeper Glan Letheran, was an unused Leeds substitute. "You never dream about it, but afterwards you look back and think how many people have actually played in a European Cup final," said Yorath. "I am one of the lucky few and nobody can ever take that away from you. "But we got beaten and the crowd trouble at the end marred everything. "The Leeds crowd weren't good that day.  I got substituted about 15 minutes before the end and had to walk behind the goal where the Leeds fans were and it was then the Leeds crowd started throwing seats. "As I was walking by with the seats coming over the top of me, I thought I hadn't played that bad had I?"But the referee wasn't good either.  We were cheated, but we were used to that at Leeds. "Being the first Welshman to play in a European Cup final allied with captaining his country in 42 out of 59 internationals and managing his nation formed the bedrock for Yorath becoming the 21st footballer to be inducted into the Welsh Sports Hall of Fame dinner in Cardiff. Yorath was added to the roll of honour alongside Wales and Lions rugby star Graham Price, Olympics sprinter Christian Malcolm and ex-Glamorgan cricketer Peter Walker. "It fees fantastic because when I came here down from Leeds, I didn't have a clue and believed I was just being invited here as a guest," said Yorath. "I am not sure how this has happened.  I thought I would just go down and see my sister who lives in Cardiff. "To be honoured in such a way is something I never expected. "I thought my days of being named in a Hall of Fame or recognised by anyway with Wales were over.  I am 67 now although I don't feel it. "This is probably one of the best things that has ever happened to me in football including playing in European Cups and Cup finals. "Nothing will ever surpass this as far as sport goes. "I now live in Leeds and nobody understands what being Welsh is. "They don't understand how involved I get involved with whatever sport Wales play, why I have tears when the national anthem is played. "I love everything about Wales.  This is just such an honour.
In front of a home crowd in Birmingham, 27-year-old Yafai won 118-108, 119-107 and 119-107 on the judges' scorecards. Yafai knocked down the 31-year-old Japanese in the second round, but was caught several times himself on the way to recording his 22nd unbeaten fight. "I had to box my way through.  My hands were in a bad way after two rounds but I did what I had to to win," he said. "I'm a work in progress, I have to learn how to slow the pace down a bit. "Yafai landed a barrage of punches in the first round, and a slick combination rocked Muranaka in the second, causing him to touch down on to the canvas with a knee. But Muranaka recovered, walking through Yafai's punches and landing with left and right hooks of his own. The home fighter took back control in the later rounds and, despite being docked a point for a low blow, Yafai ran out a comfortable winner. Promoter Eddie Hearn is looking ahead to big things for his fighter after "a great performance". "One more defence and he has to chase the big unification fights," Hearn said. Yafai's victory made it a double success for his family, with younger brother Gamal victorious on the undercard. The younger Yafai was impressive in a seventh-round stoppage of the previously undefeated Sean Davis - a fellow Birmingham super-bantamweight. The 25-year-old worked the head and body superbly, dropping his opponent six times on his way to claiming the WBC International super-bantamweight title. Birmingham's Sam Eggington won the European welterweight title with an emphatic ninth-round win over Spain's Ceferino Rodriguez.
The young girl was injured by the drug patrol dog in Belmarsh Prison, Woolwich, on 31 March. The Ministry of Justice (MoJ) said the incident had been reported to police and the dog withdrawn from service. In 2015, the MoJ said there were more than 530 dogs deployed in prisons in England and Wales. The Mirror reported the attack had taken place during a routine drugs test and the girl needed to undergo plastic surgery because of her injuries. The MoJ said it could not release more details because of "purdah" rules in the run up to the general election.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe top two in Super League will also meet in the final eight as Hull FC, last year's winners, host leaders Castleford Tigers. Leeds Rhinos host Championship side Featherstone in a local derby, while Wakefield make the trip to Salford. The ties will be played on the weekend of 17-18 June.
Salvador Sobral's success with Amar Pelos Dois (Love for Both of Us) has made him a national hero. Wearing a plain black suit he delivered an emotionally charged song without the theatrics that often accompany other Eurovision acts. Previously Portugal had never got above the sixth place that it reached in 1996. It was a triumph for "brand Portugal", music journalist and advertising executive Manuel Falcao told the BBC."The Portuguese language is present worldwide but sometimes it's hard for the national identity to make an impression, so for the brand this is very nice - people are very happy," he said. The timing was fortunate for Portugal, as the nation shows signs of recovery from the 2008 financial crisis and a massive bailout from its eurozone partners. "Polls show people are more optimistic here than three years ago, the economic indicators are not strong but positive - even by EU standards," Mr Falcao said. Eurovision success "coincided with a good mood in Portugal - we won the Euro 2016 football championship and tourism here is beating all records", he said. He cautioned, however, that one song would not make a radical difference. It was a doubly memorable weekend for Portugal, as Pope Francis drew a vast crowd to the Fatima shrine, where he made saints of two Portuguese children.  Their visions of the Virgin Mary in 1917 turned Fatima into a top Catholic pilgrimage site. There is national pride that Sobral's song Amar Pelos Dois touched so many hearts, in a competition dominated by English lyrics. "The language, more than the Portuguese language, was music," Sobral said. The song was crafted by his sister Luisa, an accomplished singer-songwriter and music college graduate, with several CDs to her name. A fellow Portuguese music expert, Sofia Vieira Lopes, said the song's triumph proved that lyrics were not fundamental to a musical message. "It shows that it's not necessary to sing in English to understand the music," she told Portugal's Publico daily. Salvador Sobral criticised the commercialisation of pop, after his Saturday night triumph in Ukraine, speaking contemptuously of "fast-food music". "This is a vote for people who actually mean something with their music," he said.  "Music is not fireworks, music is feeling. "The state tourism authority, Turismo de Portugal, is thrilled by the boost to the country's image. "We are in the spotlight," its president Luis Araujo told the daily Diario de Noticias (DN).  He characterised the winning song as "simplicity, transparency, honesty". The melancholy, bittersweet lyrics include the lines: "My darling, listen to my prayers / I beg you to come back, come back to love me / I know we can't love alone. "There was a poignancy to Sobral's performance, as he has struggled with a serious heart condition. His success shows there is still a market for national musical traditions, despite the dominance of Anglo-American pop culture. Portugal requires broadcasters to observe a quota of Portuguese-language songs.  France and Spain have similar quotas, to showcase home-grown talent. Even before the Eurovision final Sobral's song was hugely popular in Portugal, Mr Falcao said. Yet English remains the default pop language, even in Portugal, he said. And Salvador Sobral himself has recorded covers of American hits - in English.
The rock is an eroded volcano that lies 260 miles (418km) west of the Western Isles and is only 30m (100ft) wide and 21m (70ft) high above the sea. The Nato documents report how the UK claimed Rockall in 1955. The government feared that it could be used by "hostile agents" as a place to monitor the Hebrides Rocket Range. A small team of military personnel was taken to Rockall by the Royal Navy in September 1955 to claim as UK territory. A Union Flag was raised and a plaque installed on the rock. In the documents, it says: "This decision of the UK government was connected with the fact that the UK government had recently decided to set up a guided missile range in South Uist, in the Outer Hebrides. "The island of Rockall was uninhabited but this government wished to guard against the possibility of hostile agents installing themselves on the island in order to observe the effects of the tests on the South Uist range. "People have stayed on Rockall, though only temporarily, in the past, including in 1997 when three campaigners from Greenpeace managed to climb on to the rock. They lived on Rockall for 42 days and renamed it Waveland in protest at exploration of new oil and gas reserves in the surrounding seabed. In 2014, a Scots adventurer broke the record for occupying the remote North Atlantic rock. Adventurer Nick Hancock survived on there for 43 days, beating the previous record held by three Greenpeace campaigners who lived there for 42 days. The time also beat the previous solo record of 40 days set by Tom McClean in 1985. Mr Hancock celebrated achieving the solo record by popping a small bottle of champagne while also sending a tweet with a message to veteran adventurer Mr McClean, of Morar in the west Highlands. His message was simply: "Sorry Tom.
Adam King struck either side of the break in the 2-0 win over Reading at Liberty Stadium. In March, the Swans' development squad drew with Wolverhampton Wanderers to take the league crown. The cup final win meant the young Swans celebrated 31 wins across all competitions in 2016-17. The youngsters' success came after Swansea's senior team survived in the Premier League after Crystal Palace beat Hull 4-0 on Sunday for the latter to be relegated.
The numbers are stark - for the first time in India's recent history, not only was there a decline in the female labour participation rate, but also a shrinking of the total number of women in the workforce. Using data gleaned from successive rounds of National Sample Survey Organisation and census data, a team of researchers from World Bank have attempted to find out why this is happening. "These are significant matters of concern.  As India poises itself to increase economic growth and foster development, it is necessary to ensure that its labour force becomes fully inclusive of women," says the study, authored by Luis A Andres, Basab Dasgupta, George Joseph, Vinoj Abraham and Maria Correia. So what accounts for the unprecedented and puzzling drop in women's participation in the workforce - at a time when India's economy has grown at a steady pace?Predictable social norms are attributed to women quitting work in India: marriage, motherhood, vexed gender relations and biases, and patriarchy. But they may not be the only reasons.  Marriage, for example, does affect the rate of participation of women in the workforce.  But in villages, the workforce participation rate of married women has been found to be higher than that of unmarried women - whereas in the cities, the situation is reversed. Significantly, rising aspirations and relative prosperity may be actually responsible for putting a large cohort of women out of work in India. Remember, the largest drop has been in the villages. After calculating the labour force participation rates and educational participation rates (young women in schools) the researchers believe that one plausible explanation for the drop in the participation rate among rural girls and women aged 15-24 is the recent expansion of secondary education and rapidly changing social norms leading to "more working age young females opting to continue their education rather than join the labour force early". The study says there has been a "larger response to income changes among the poor, rather than the wealthy, by sending children to school". Also, casual workers - mainly women - drop out of the workforce when wages increased for regular earners - mainly men - leading to the stabilisation of family incomes. "Improved stability in family income can be understood as a disincentive for female household members to join the labour force," says the study. "This largely resonates with the existing literature, which suggests that with rising household income levels, women in rural India withdraw from paid labour and engage in status production at home. "But dropping or opting out of the workforce to go to school and get an education may not ensure that these women will eventually go to work. After studying the relationship with the female labour participation rate and levels of educational achievements, the researchers found that having a high school-level education was "not found to be an incentive for women" to work. The lowest rate of participation is among those who had secured school and high school education in the cities and villages.  And the rate is actually highest among illiterates and college graduates. But there has been a general drop in the rate in recent years, indicating that irrespective of educational attainments, "the incentive for women to participate in the workforce has declined over this period". To be sure, India has a poor record of female participation in the workforce: the International Labour Organisation ranked it 121 out of 131 countries in 2013, one of the lowest in the world. Also, India is not an outlier when it comes to women dropping out of the workforce. Between 2004 and 2012, the female labour force participation rate in China dropped from 68% to 64%, but the participation rate remains very high compared with India.  In neighbouring Sri Lanka, for example, the participation rate has dropped, but only by 2%. "India stands out because of a such a sharp decline within such a short period.  In levels, it is very low in international rankings now," the researchers told me. Clearly women need better and more suitable job opportunities, outside agriculture.  Rural labour markets need to offer jobs that are acceptable and attractive to women and their families. The World Bank study suggests that gains will not be realised unless social norms around women's - and men's - work also change:"Strategies to communicate the importance of women's work should take into account the roles of women, husbands and in-laws. "Also, as another study says, the "ongoing decrease in the availability of farm-based work, has led to women focusing on economic activities within their households".
The final table based on all of his predictions is at the bottom of this page. In Lawro's league table, Chelsea and Liverpool finished joint champions and, overall, he has seven teams out of 20 in their correct positions going into the final round of fixtures. Lawro has been pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season and his opponent for the final round of fixtures is drummer Ben Thatcher from rock band Royal Blood. Thatcher is a Brighton fan who is looking forward to seeing his side in the top flight next season after their promotion from the Championship. "If you look at where the club was 20 years ago, getting to the Premier League is an amazing achievement," he told BBC Sport.  "It is going to be a great season. "It will be all about staying up and, with the right signings, it can happen.  We might even do a Leicester and win the title - who knows?"Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Seagulls held their promotion parade last week after returning to the top flight for the first time since 1983. "It was a day that the club will always remember," Thatcher said. "I won't remember it as well as most people because I got off a plane and went straight down to the seafront and partied hard. "But it was great to see how excited the whole city was that we had been promoted - it has pulled everyone together and we are all supporting our club. "A correct result (picking a win, draw or defeat) is worth 10 points.  The exact score earns 40 points. You can make your Premier League predictions now and compare them with those of Lawro and other fans by playing the BBC Sport Predictor game. All kick-offs 15:00 BSTArsenal v EvertonIt appears Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is going to stay on for another year or two and, if that is the case, I am not sure why they have kept it such a big secret. So, it does not look like this will be Wenger's final game at the Emirates Stadium, but it could be Alexis Sanchez's - the future of the Gunners striker is still in doubt. Arsenal have got next week's FA Cup final to think about but I don't think that will affect the result, because they can still finish in the top four and they have to go for the win in case Manchester City or Liverpool slip up. Everton will finish seventh whatever happens and they will make a game of it, but the Gunners are on a good run and I think they will come out on top. However, even if Arsenal do win, I think it will be too little, too late for Wenger's side as far as making the Champions League places goes - I think Liverpool and City will both win. Lawro's prediction: 2-0Royal Blood's prediction: This is going to be a great game - Alexis Sanchez is going to put Arsenal ahead and Everton will bring it back in the 70th minute.  1-1Burnley v West HamOther than their win over Tottenham, West Ham's season has tailed off in the last few weeks. Yes, the Hammers are missing some injured players but they have been very average for a while. When their fans look at this season, it is their new stadium and their summer recruitment that have been the bugbears for them. For a while it looked like Slaven Bilic's side were going to get dragged into a relegation skirmish but they are going to get a mid-table finish, which is probably what they deserve. Media playback is not supported on this deviceWest Ham are not a bad side when everyone is fit but, if they want a repeat of their seventh-place finish in 2015-16, they definitely need to sign some better players. Burnley's target this season was to stay up and they have done it.  It is mission accomplished and they can build again, which is great. Their home form has been the key and I think it helped that they got an 'extra' match at Turf Moor early in the season - the venue of their game with Liverpool in August was switched because Anfield was not ready. They won that game which not only gave them points on the board but it also set the tone for the rest of the campaign.  They have never really been under much pressure. Lawro's prediction: 2-0Royal Blood's prediction: 1-2Chelsea v SunderlandChelsea will get their hands on the Premier League trophy at the final whistle and and will want to sign off with a win but I am not sure what sort of team Antonio Conte will pick before the FA Cup final. He made lots of changes for Monday's win over Watford but will have to be careful about doing the same for this game. If, say, striker Diego Costa does not play then he will go two weeks without playing before facing Arsenal at Wembley and it is easy for players to lose their edge. Media playback is not supported on this deviceWhatever team Conte picks, I don't think Sunderland will be able to stop the Blues from finishing their title-winning campaign on a high note. There are more questions than answers about what will happen next at the Black Cats, and the only thing we really know is that they will be in the Championship next season. Lawro's prediction: 3-0Royal Blood's prediction: This is top versus bottom but I wonder who will play for Chelsea? I hope they give some young players a chance, and I think they will win anyway.  3-0Hull City v TottenhamHull were relegated after losing to Crystal Palace last week but it was their home defeat against Sunderland in their previous game that really did the damage. Tottenham said goodbye to White Hart Lane with a deserved win over Manchester United and they will want to finish the season strongly despite missing out on the title. People will say they did not win anything but Spurs are a very good side who came close to winning the title - they did not bottle it one bit. Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino is doing a great job and the rest of the top six would take a lot of their players if they could - that is how good they are. Analysis: I'd back Spurs for the title if they were staying at White Hart Lane - JenasLawro's prediction: 0-2Royal Blood's prediction: 0-2Leicester v BournemouthBournemouth have already bettered their points tally from last season, despite having a slippery month or two at the start of 2017. Joshua King has been brilliant since Callum Wilson was injured at the start of February and the Norwegian striker has made astonishing progress as a player since I saw him when he came on loan to Preston in 2010. Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Cherries are already in the top 10 and, if they can become a little bit meaner defensively, then they can continue their progress next season. Leicester will go above them - and into the top half - with a win, however, and that is what I think will happen. I do not understand why the Foxes have not revealed yet whether Craig Shakespeare will stay on as manager, but he deserves to keep the job because he turned their season around. Lawro's prediction: 2-0Royal Blood's prediction: 2-2Liverpool v MiddlesbroughA win for Liverpool will secure a top-four finish and surely even they cannot slip up this time. It is all very well saying because Middlesbrough are down already, the pressure is off them and they can go to Anfield and play their football - well, I have not seen Boro play any for the past 37 games. Media playback is not supported on this deviceOne big effort from Liverpool will get them over the line, and there will be a good atmosphere which will help. It is a big game and if they are not revved up and they cannot beat Boro, then they do not deserve to be in the Champions League. Lawro's prediction: 2-0Royal Blood's prediction: 3-1Man Utd v Crystal PalaceCrystal Palace are safe from relegation and in normal circumstances I would be expecting an open game on the final day of the season. But I have no idea what sort of team either manager will put out, so it is very difficult to predict the outcome. Jose Mourinho will make lots of changes before Wednesday's Europa League final, but he has such a big squad that it could still be a strong Manchester United side, if he wants it to be. Lawro's prediction: 1-1Royal Blood's prediction: United have not had a great season and might rest a few but I think they are going to win this one.  2-1Southampton v StokeSouthampton are guaranteed a top-half finish and can make sure of a top-eight finish with a win, which underlines that they have had another very good season. Stoke's form has been heading in a downhill direction for a while now but the nature of the last day of the season always throws up some unexpected results, and I think this game will provide one of them. Lawro's prediction: 1-2Royal Blood's prediction: 2-0Swansea v West BromThis could have been a very tense affair but the pressure is off Swansea after they secured their survival last weekend, and instead it will be party time for them. I was at West Brom's defeat at Manchester City on Tuesday and they will not change - Tony Pulis will set them up to try to make life difficult for the opposition. Again, this game is hard to predict because there is nothing really riding on it but I think Paul Clement will have three points to celebrate, as well as staying up. Lawro's prediction: 2-1Royal Blood's prediction: 1-1Watford v Man CityI had been wondering for a while what was going to happen to Watford boss Walter Mazzarri, and it was no surprise when it was announced this week that he will be leaving. I think the Hornets will play well in his farewell game but I still think Manchester City will get the win they need to secure third place. City are playing well and I thought Vincent Kompany looked great at the back when I watched him against West Brom at the Etihad Stadium on Tuesday. An open game would definitely suit Pep Guardiola's side and surely Watford will not sit in, because what would be the point of that?Lawro's prediction: 0-3Royal Blood's prediction: City are going to destroy them.  1-4Lawro was speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan. Lawro's best score: 140 points (week 22 v James McAvoy)Lawro's worst score: 30 points (week four v Dave Bautista)From last weekend's Premier League matches, Lawro got six correct results, including two perfect scores, from 10 matches, for a total of 120 points. He beat world tennis number one Andy Murray, who also got six correct results but with one perfect scores for a tally of 90 points. Lawro also picked up 40 more points for correctly predicting the outcome of the four midweek fixtures, with more to come depending on Leicester v Tottenham on Thursday.
The firm, which sells its Chevrolet brand in India, said it would continue to provide maintenance services. It also said that its plant in Maharashtra would continue to make cars for overseas markets, mainly central and south American regions. GM has announced similar plans for South and East African markets as part of its global business restructuring. GM puts $1bn India plan 'on hold'The US carmaker said it would stop selling cars in South Africa, and sell its manufacturing business there to Isuzu Motors. It added that Isuzu would also purchase 57. 7% shareholding in its East Africa operations, assuming management control. The firm is aiming to make significant savings through these steps. "As a result of these actions, GM expects to realise annual savings of approximately $100m (Â£77m) and plans to take a charge of approximately $500m in the second quarter of 2017," it said in a statement. GM's announcement comes against the backdrop of predictions that India will become the world's third biggest vehicle market by 2020. But the firm has put faith in exports from India. "In India, our exports have tripled over the past year, and this will remain our focus going forward," GM International president Stefan Jacoby said in a statement. GM had planned to invest $1bn in India to boost its domestic presence, but its sales figures fell below below 1% in the year ended in March 2017. "We determined that the increased investment required for an extensive and flexible product portfolio would not deliver a leadership position or long-term profitability in the domestic market," Mr Jacoby added.
Symbols of every event feature on the design, while the London skyline is included with Tower Bridge, the London Eye, the Shard and Big Ben. The reverse features London Stadium, the championships' venue. The event takes place from 4-13 August and there will be live coverage across the BBC.Medals at July's World Para Athletics Championships, taking place from 14-23 July, will be similar, but feature distinctive disability sport equipment such as a prosthetic running leg and throwing chair. Rather than engraving, the reverse will be inscribed with braille. For the first time at the World Championships, 'coaches medals' will also be handed out to recognise those who prepare athletes.
The 21st Century successors to the Red Guards are not a physical presence.  After the chaos of the Cultural Revolution and the tragedy of the Beijing massacre in 1989, young people are not allowed to demonstrate in China. But some now hound their enemies online.  The underlying rage is reminiscent.  The instinct for intimidation is the same.  Despite all its strengths and all its engagement with the world, China is once again prey to political groupthink and fear. The latest trigger is a speech by a Chinese student at an American campus.  On 21 May, at an official event, Shuping Yang praised the fresh air and freedom of speech she had found at the University of Maryland. The video clip of her speech quickly went viral and triggered an outpouring of anger from fellow Chinese students in the US and critics at home.  Shuping Yang swiftly apologised, asked forgiveness and said she had no intention to belittle her country.  But that was not enough to stop the flood of "I am proud of China" posts accusing her of lies and deception, or the online "human flesh searches" to dig up incriminating information about her and her family. Of course there are good reasons to be proud of China and every Chinese citizen is entitled to list them.  In the past week alone, China has sent a submersible deep into the Mariana Trench and its world champion go player Ke Jie took on the AlphaGo AI computer programme and almost beat it.  Every day ordinary Chinese people display the energy, talent and hard work of which their fellow citizens should be proud. But being proud of China does not mean denying another Chinese citizen the right to an opinion.  In fact, Shuping Yang herself said she too was proud in her message of apology. The irony is that the very backlash against her has only served to make her point about the want of freedom of speech in her homeland.  It has also highlighted a conflict between a commitment to free speech in Western countries that host large communities of Chinese students and the growing determination of the Chinese government and some of its citizens that free speech should be limited when it comes to talking about China, even beyond Chinese borders. Freedom of speech is any society's feedback loop.  It means precisely the freedom to say what is different or what may even offend.  Of course, different societies have a different view on how much of this is appropriate.  But if China's freedom of speech goes no further than parroting the leader and attacking those who dare to speak from a different script, then its spirit is lurking in the shadow of the Mao era. Which brings us to Chairman Xi and his style of leadership.  In English Xi Jinping is usually referred to as President Xi.  But his power comes from being leader of the Communist Party and since taking up that role five years ago, he has collapsed the distinction between party and government and dramatically shrunk the space for freedom of speech. All public debate, whether in the media, academia, the legal profession or online, is a shadow of what it was in 2012.  It is now off-limits to discuss universal values or liberal democracy.   Instead China must loudly unite around the leadership of the Communist Party and "tell China's story confidently". Confidence is understandable.  In Xi Jinping's first five-year term, China has become the world's second-largest economy and an increasingly powerful military power.  But when Chairman Xi urges journalists, think-tanks and diplomats to "tell China's story confidently" he does not mean tell it how you like and with your own nuance.  Students abroad are a particularly important voice in this chorus.  It is stated Chinese government policy to "assemble the broad numbers of students abroad as a positive patriotic energy". And so when the University of California San Diego announced that it would host a speech by Tibet's spiritual leader the Dalai Lama next month, the local Chinese Students and Scholars Association consulted with diplomats and threatened "tough measures to resolutely resist the school's unreasonable behaviour".  At Durham University in the UK, the Chinese Students and Scholars Association, again with the support of the Chinese embassy, attempted to bar from a debate a critic of China's religious policies and human rights record. This week's mobilisation against Shuping Yang, complete with commentaries in leading state media, is part of this drive for "positive patriotic energy". All of which causes some bafflement on the campuses concerned.  Students from countries with a tradition of free speech may feel irritation with someone who criticises their homeland in a public speech, but their instinct is usually to shrug it off or make a joke.  Likewise when Chinese state media deploy students from Western countries praising China and its policies, such individuals do not become hate figures for outraged student associations or national newspapers. That's because liberal societies take differences of opinion for granted.  In the US, in Europe and in Australia, citizens regularly excoriate their own governments and praise other countries in the media, and on satirical TV and radio shows.  They also mount protests against their leaders. It is vital to Beijing that these habits should not rub off.  So in Chairman Xi's era the numbers of Chinese students studying abroad is going up but their tolerance of diverging views on China is going down. In one respect, this is puzzling.  At great expense, young Chinese have chosen to move from the confines of China's tightly-controlled education system to the "fresh air" of campuses which cherish tolerance and which offer all the tools to explore a range of different narratives of their own place in the world through reading and debate.  But it is not so puzzling if you factor in these students' prior ideological education, the pressure on them to perform academically, and the ever-present and watchful eye of the Chinese state. Tension is likely to grow between the liberal values of Western campuses and the "positive patriotic energy" of the growing numbers of Chinese students on these campuses.  But the very strength of the reaction to Shuping Yang's freedom speech ensures that her words will continue to echo. After all, it's not just Western culture which honours a loyal opposition.  It is firmly entrenched in the historical memory of China too.  Respect resonates down through the centuries for officials and soldiers in the imperial and the more recent Communist era who braved banishment or death for daring to speak truth to power. So be #proudofChina by all means, but don't go back to the frenzy of the Red Guard era, and remember that in all great civilisations, the patriots whose memories endure are often those who love their country enough to point out its flaws.
Following the announcement of the new global calendar in March, Premiership Rugby confirmed the 2019-20 domestic season will start in early September and finish at the end of June. Leicester's Tom Youngs had said the proposal "fills players with dread". The RPA has now said a shortened two-month off-season will be "seriously detrimental to player welfare". Premiership Rugby has previously said the 10-month campaign will allow clubs to become "more sophisticated" in their management of players, with chief executive Mark McCafferty insisting player welfare remains the priority. But an RPA statement on Monday read: "The Premiership season is already longer than comparable contact sports, including Super League, NFL and AFL."Extending an already arduous season from nine months to 10 has serious implications for players, given the potential increase to the game, training and psychological loads they face. "The physical and mental strain placed on participants of professional contact sport cannot be underestimated. "England, Wales, Scotland and Ireland will all be playing international matches in June this summer, while the British and Irish Lions are also touring New Zealand. The RPA has concerns that an extended season could overwork any players involved in future international summer tours - a worry shared by Tigers captain Youngs. "Perhaps most worryingly is the incredible strain these proposals would place on international players," the statement continued. "If the Premiership season retains its current start date, the addition of a July tour schedule will lead to an 11-month season for these players. "This cannot be avoided unless these players start their domestic season later, which brings into question the need for the season extension.
The only French side in Super League had lost their last five matches in a row including the 18-10 late defeat by Huddersfield at Magic Weekend. Frayssinous, 40, is a former Catalans and France stand-off who became the first French coach of the club when he replaced Trent Robinson in 2012. Coaches Jerome Guisset and Michael Monaghan and general manager Alex Chan will take charge of the first team.
Some 65,000 Rohingya fled to Bangladesh as the military searched for those behind attacks on police border posts. Many of those who fled described rapes, killings and other abuses by the army. But the military said its own investigation found the claims were "false and fabricated". "Out of 18 accusations included in the [UN human rights body] OHCHR report, 12 were found to be incorrect, with [the] remaining six accusations found to be false and fabricated accusations based on lies and invented statements," Myanmar's state media quoted a report from the military as saying. The military said it interviewed 3,000 villagers and 184 military officers and troops. Soldiers were disciplined over two cases, for stealing a motorbike and beating villagers with sticks for failing to put out a fire, the military said. The crackdown began after insurgents killed nine policemen in attacks on border posts between Myanmar, formerly known as Burma, and Bangladesh in Rakhine state.  Reports then emerged that the military were targeting Rohingya indiscriminately. The UN report in February - compiled from interviews with those who fled the violence - accused the military of abuses including gang-rapes, savage beatings and murder. It described incidents in which children were killed as their mothers were raped by groups of soldiers, families - including pregnant women and the elderly - being beaten and houses set alight as people sheltered inside. "The attacks against the Rohingya population in the area. . .  seem to have been widespread as well as systematic, indicating the very likely commission of crimes against humanity," the OHCHR report said. Nobody but the most die-hard supporters of the Burmese military will take this report seriously. The evidence for what United Nations officials are calling "crimes against humanity" is overwhelming.  Witness testimony from hundreds of Rohingya, satellite images of burnt villages and video of charred bodies to name just a few. And then there's the small matter of explaining why more than 65,000 Rohingya decided to flee their homes and risk their lives crossing the Naf River into Bangladesh.  Some of the men have gunshot wounds, scores of women have sought treatment for sexual violence. A smart army response would have acknowledged some failings and promised to address them.  Instead the Burmese military is denying everything. How they arrived at that conclusion is unclear.   The army investigators say they spoke to more than 3,000 people but they didn't travel to Bangladesh, so haven't heard from any of those who fled and told graphic horror stories to the United Nations. After a period of relative quiet on Rakhine this report once again puts Aung San Suu Kyi in a difficult position. For weeks she's been telling the world that Myanmar doesn't need a United Nations fact-finding mission, and that the Burmese can credibly investigate themselves.   This report suggests the exact opposite. Tensions between Rohingya Muslims and Myanmar's Buddhist majority have been rumbling for years. The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Myanmar, which views them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh.  They face routine official and public discrimination. Tens of thousands of Rohingya live in make-shift refugee camps after being displaced by communal violence in 2012. In March, the UN human rights council began an investigation into alleged human rights abuses against Myanmar's Rohingya.  It will report back in a year. In April, however, Myanmar's de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi denied there was ethnic cleansing going on, saying using the term was "too strong". She has faced international criticism over her perceived silence on the Rohingya issue.
Ian Brown, 44, and Daniel Dunkley, 35, took their own lives at HMP Woodhill last July. Their relatives claimed Woodhill's governor had not complied fully with Prison Service Instructions (PSIs). The governor and Justice Secretary Liz Truss said the judicial review claim was "neither appropriate or necessary". PSIs cover management of prisoners at risk of harm to themselves, to others and from others, early days in custody and medical emergency response codes. Heather Williams QC, for the families, said the claim addressed what she said was an "exceptionally high" rate of self-inflicted deaths at the Milton Keynes prison. Seven prisoners killed themselves last year, five in 2015, with 18 in total since May 2013. Ms Williams said the case raised serious ongoing breaches of Article 2 of the Human Rights Act, which protects the right to life, and involved long-term failures to comply with the responsibility placed on the authorities to protect prisoners. James Strachan QC, defending, said: "Not only have the governor and the secretary of state taken significant action in 2016 to improve the situation, but this is a continuing high priority. "Lord Justice Irwin and Mr Justice Garnham rejected the judicial review claim. In their ruling, they said the families had failed to establish a "systemic failing". Mr Justice Garnham said: "The defendants have made it clear that they share the great concern of the claimants about the rate of suicides in prisons generally, and HMP Woodhill in particular. "They have in place sensible and satisfactory policies. "The defendants have acknowledged that, on occasions, operational errors have been made by their staff in dealing with those at risk of suicide and have sought to prevent those mistakes being repeated.
Rhinos' hooker Matt Parcell crossed to open the scoring with Liam Sutcliffe's score making it 12-0 at half-time. Parcell's second was added to by Jamie Jones-Buchanan as Wolves made a number of handling errors. Joel Moon's 15th try in 16 games, Parcell's hat-trick and a Rob Burrow try extended the lead as the hosts kept the Wire scoreless. Leeds, beaten by leaders Castleford at Magic Weekend, are up to third in Super League and have won five of their past seven games. The closest Wire came to scoring was when Joe Philbin was held up over the try line, but it was a disjointed performance throughout. Wolves head coach Tony Smith, who spent three years in charge at Leeds, had seen his side lose their first six games of the Super League season but this was just a second defeat in 10 games. Wolves won the reverse fixture back in April, with what was their first win of the season at their eighth attempt, but were nilled for the first time since April 2016. Leeds head coach Brian McDermott:"It was clinical and the further the game went the better we got. "But I'm just mindful we're playing a team who aren't where we know they can be.  We went through that last year. "We'll judge it accordingly.  I'm really pleased not to have a try scored against us but at the same time we beat a team that is lacking confidence and not as good as they can be. "On Matt Parcell: "There's still some improvement in him.  I thought Rob Burrow when he went on was very influential as well.  He posed a massive threat for us. "Warrington head coach Tony Smith told BBC Radio Merseyside:"I'm disappointed.  We needed to execute better as we didn't take opportunities when they were there early in the game. "After that I think we forced a lot of things that weren't the right things and the right time. "Our kicking game wasn't good enough and we just didn't put them under enough pressure tonight. "You can't come to Headingley and turn over too much ball or kick poorly as they're a dangerous team. "Leeds Rhinos: Golding; Briscoe, Watkins, L Sutcliffe, Hall; McGuire, Moon; Singleton, Parcell, Cuthbertson, Ferres, Ward, Jones-Buchanan. Replacements: Burrow, Baldwinson, Delaney, Mullally. Warrington Wolves: Ratchford; Russell, Hughes, Atkins, Lineham; Brown, Gidley; Hill, Clark, Sims, Jullien, Westerman, Cooper. Replacements: Crosby, G King, Patton, Philbin.
Mr King is not the rather better-known writer of horror novels (though his robust opinions on the dangers of monetary largesse can tend towards sleepless nights). This Mr King is senior economic adviser at HSBC. And a China expert. Writing about the country's economic slowdown in 2012, he said: "China's debt fuelled expansion was never likely to be sustainable. "The amber warning lights came back on this morning when the ratings agency Moody's downgraded China's credit rating, its investor benchmark for analysing the country's economic performance. Now, the rating is still A1 - the agency's fifth highest - but nevertheless does highlight growing concerns about the amount of debt the world's most populous country is carrying. The problem is not the government's direct debt, which at less than 40% of GDP is modest by Western standards, or the eminently manageable 3% deficit (the rate at which that debt is rising). The issue is the debt being carried by the country's companies, or more specifically the "state-owned enterprises" (SOEs) that constitute the grumbling and sometimes out-of-date engines of the Chinese economy. And the debts being carried by the country's local governments - which, of course, in a state the size of China, are a little more significant than those of an English town council, say. Here, the picture is different. SOE debt stands at 115% of GDP, a figure that is steadily rising and is far higher than, say, comparable figures for Japan and South Korea (where comparable debts are around 30%). Moody's estimates that bringing the leverage of those firms down to more manageable levels would cost more than $400bn (£308bn). At the same time, China's own finance ministry has warned that some local authorities are struggling to meet day-to-day operating costs, as they find themselves caught between supporting often inefficient local businesses - making steel, for example - or funding the unpaid debts and unemployment costs associated with shutting down or reforming the mainstays of regional economies. Now, China certainly has deep pockets. Its foreign currency reserves stand at more than $3tn and its annual current account surplus is $200bn. So, debt sustainability is not a near and present danger. But, if the old joke is that when America sneezes, the rest of the world catches a cold, when it comes to China, it only has to think about reaching for its handkerchief and the global economy can suffer a fit of the vapours. When China announced weaker-than-expected economic data at the beginning of 2016, world stock markets went into free fall and commodity prices tumbled. In 2010, average Chinese growth hovered around 10%.  It is now between 6% and 7%. More manageable than the heady days of seven years ago, yes, but there are fears that a lack of economic reform could see growth fall to 5% as President Xi Jinping balances the drive for a more efficient economy (with all the dislocating restructuring costs and possible job losses that could incur) with the need to keep political tension to a minimum. In a jittery world, China's debt mountain can loom larger than the fundamentals suggest. And Moody's downgrade is just one straw in the wind. Asian stock markets hardly paused for breath when it was announced earlier this morning and warnings of a "hard landing" for the Chinese economy have been oft-predicted and not materialised. But, Chinese bond yields are rising as investors demand a higher risk premium for funding the government's liabilities. There is no need to rush for the lifeboats yet. However, it's probably worth knowing where they are.
Coleraine's Peter Chambers and Englishman Will Fletcher are into the semi-finals of the men's lightweight double sculls. Holly Nixon, Joel Cassells and Rebecca Shorten have all moved straight into Sunday's finals of their respective boat classes. Chambers and Fletcher began the quest for a lightweight double sculls European title fresh from their gold medal winning performance in the first World Cup regatta in Belgrade earlier this month. However they were forced to qualify for Saturday's semi-finals through the repechage after finishing behind Germany in their heat with only the winners progressing directly. The duo regrouped and in the afternoon session held off the fast finishing Greek boat to take first place. Ireland's Rio Olympics silver medal winning brothers, Gary and Paul O'Donovan, who are defending their European title won in Brandenburg twelve months ago, had to follow the same path as Chambers and Fletcher. They were beaten by Poland in their heat but won their repechage ahead of Ukraine. Enniskillen's Holly Nixon and her team mates Jess Leyden, Bethany Bryan and Mathilda Hodgkins-Byrne moved up from fourth place to second behind the Netherlands to claim an automatic qualifying place in Sunday's women's quadruple sculls final. With only five entrants in the women's eight an exhibition race took place to decide the lane draw for Sunday's final with Great Britain finishing second behind Romania.  The GB crew includes Belfast's Rebecca Shorten who is making her senior international debut. Likewise Coleraine's Joel Cassells and partner Sam Scrimgeour were fourth in their lightweight pairs exhibition race behind winners Mark O'Donovan and Shane O'Driscoll from Ireland. Cassells is aiming for a third European gold medal in consecutive years.
Celtic completed a domestic treble after Tom Rogic scored a stoppage-time winner in a 2-1 win at Hampden Park. "We asked for that near-perfect performance and thought there was more to come from us," said manager McInnes. "But we ran out of legs.  It is our 351st day today since we reported back for pre-season. "That was because they were in the Europa League qualifiers after finishing runners-up to Celtic last season in the Scottish Premiership. It was the same story in the league this season and Aberdeen also lost the League Cup final to Brendan Rodgers' side. "It was fiercely fought and the performance was what I expected and what I was looking for," said McInnes.  "But we came here to win, so obviously there's real disappointment. "When it goes into injury time, a goal against you is always a sore one to take, but when it's a cup final, it just compounds it even more. "It was like two proper heavyweights scrapping and fighting each other and everybody trying to find answers. "Aberdeen went ahead through Jonny Hayes after nine minutes, but Stuart Armstrong equalised two minutes later before Celtic completed their sixth win over the Dons this season. "It was a huge effort from everyone and a real confident display from us for large spells of the game," said McInnes, who lamented a stray pass in front of goal from Hayes to Kenny McLean. "We had moments in the game when we could have got ourselves in front again. "It is all about those big moments.  Kenny's got a chance.  If he stands still, maybe it goes in, but it's just been a misunderstanding between the two of them. "We implemented how we wanted to go about our business and get after them and Celtic struggled to get any real flow or rhythm into their game and that was important. "We've done that in our previous two league games against them and we've had good spells in the game, something similar to today. "Rogic proved a thorn in Aberdeen's side again, with his fourth goal against the Dons this season. "Celtic have got class players that can constantly ask the question of you," admitted McInnes. "Rogic shows a bit of class.  You've got to applaud and commend that level of skill, but we're disappointed we haven't won the cup because we wanted to win it for so many people.
The old Victoria Ground, next to the A500, shut in 1997 when the club moved to the Britannia Stadium and has remained vacant ever since. Plans for the 16-acre site include 130 homes being built initially, followed by a further 70. David Sidaway, from the council, said he was proud to have secured investment for the "very important site". A plan to build offices there was shelved in 2004 and in 2007 St Modwen said the recession had affected development opportunities. Further plans for housing were announced in 2013 but never happened. Dave Smith, from developer St Modwen Homes, said: "We understand that the Victoria Ground is an important site for both the people of Stoke-on-Trent and the city council. "Having taken the comments from the public consultation on board, particularly for the second phase of development, we are looking forward to turning our plans for the Victoria Ground site into reality and breathing new life into the community and surrounding area. "After working with the Environment Agency over potential flooding issues, a nearby primary school to include sports pitches in the development and holding a public consultation, plans will be submitted by the end of the month, the council said.
The result means the Senegalese join Zambia as the only African sides in the round of 16. South Africa and Guinea are already on their way home after being eliminated from the tournament. Senegal put the ball in the back of the net after 54 minutes but the video assistant referee ruled that Aliou Badji's effort was illegal as the forward had fouled Ecuador goalkeeper Jose Cevallos. Senegal finished the match with 10 men after Cavin Diagne was sent off following a second bookable offence. The share of the points in Jeonju means that Senegal finish as Group F runners-up to the United States who drew 1-1 with Saudi Arabia in the group's other match. Next up for Senegal is Mexico while Zambia will face Germany.
Mrs Merkel said she wanted friendly relations with both countries as well as Russia but Europe now had to "fight for its own destiny". Her comments come after Mr Trump refused to re-commit to the 2015 Paris climate deal at the G7 summit. Mrs Merkel is on the campaign trail ahead of elections in September. "The times in which we could completely depend on others are on the way out.  I've experienced that in the last few days," Mrs Merkel told a crowd at an election rally in Munich, southern Germany. The relationship between Berlin and new French President Emmanuel Macron had to be a priority, Mrs Merkel said, adding: "We Europeans have to take our destiny into our own hands. "On Saturday, the German leader had described climate change talks at the G7 group of rich nations as "very unsatisfactory". Leaders from the UK, Canada, France, Germany, Italy and Japan had re-affirmed their support for the Paris accord - but Mr Trump said he would make a decision in the coming week. Mr Trump has previously pledged to abandon the Paris deal, and expressed doubts about climate change. Speaking in Brussels last week, Mr Trump also told Nato members to spend more money on defence and did not re-state his administration's commitment to Nato's mutual security guarantees. Mrs Merkel's latest comments are partly a move to appeal to German voters first and foremost, the BBC's Europe editor Katya Adler says. Polls suggest Mrs Merkel is on course to be re-elected for a fourth term as German chancellor at elections in September. It might have been thanks to the beer, pretzels and Bavarian brass-band enlivening the crowd. But Mrs Merkel's words were uncharacteristically passionate and unusually forthright.  By all means keep friendly relations with Trump's America and Brexit Britain, was the message - but we can't rely on them. Rapturous applause greeted her fiery calls for Europeans to fight for their own destiny. No wonder she's sounding confident.  France has a new president who shares her pro free-trade, Europhile values, so there is a positive feeling in Europe that the EU's Franco-German motor is back in business. With four months to go before elections, Angela Merkel's position also looks stronger than ever domestically.  Initial enthusiasm for her centre-left rival Martin Schulz has fizzled out.  And Sunday's beer-tent event underscored her strength by marking an end to a potential split with her Bavarian sister conservative party. She might not have welcomed Brexit or Trump.  But it seems that Mrs Merkel has decided that standing up for the EU will only strengthen her chances of winning another term in September.
Having won their opener before losing race two on Saturday, Ben Ainslie's Land Rover BAR were defeated by defending champions Oracle Team USA and Emirates Team New Zealand on Sunday. A nosedive after gate three resulted a 39-second defeat for BAR against USA.We very, very nearly sunkAnd despite a penalty, New Zealand beat BAR by one minute and 28 seconds. It looked promising for Ainslie's team when they led USA into the first gate, before skipper Jimmy Spithill's Oracle charged into the lead.  A mistake after gate three cost the GB catamaran more time. There followed another defeat, this time against New Zealand.  The Kiwis were handed a two-boat-length penalty after the start having crossed the boundary, but they still managed a handsome win following a poor turn by BAR at gate two. *Land Rover BAR started the qualifiers with two points and Oracle Team USA with one point after finishing first and second respectively in the 2015-16 America's Cup World Series. **The top four teams progress to the next roundLand Rover BAR CEO Martin Whitmarsh, the former chief of McLaren's F1 team, said Ainslie's catamaran almost perished during the defeat by Japan on Saturday. BAR's port hull careered into Japan's starboard hull prior to the race. "We very, very nearly sunk," Land Rover BAR CEO Martin Whitmarsh told the Daily Telegraph.  "It was foiled back so we didn't take too much water on.  When we got back here and went down on the hull, very quickly it began filling with water. "If we had left it in the water for a few more minutes it would have sunk.  You've got all the electronics, everything. "I could have climbed up through the hull yesterday, it was that big.  We're talking about 20ft in terms of length. "Despite the extensive damage, BAR's shore team worked through the night to have the catamaran race-ready for Sunday. It was a great Sunday for USA who won all three of their races.  The French catamaran also recorded its first win, with victory over Sweden's Artemis. New Zealand also added to their success over BAR by defeating Japan, who currently prop up the table. Media playback is not supported on this deviceEach team will race each other twice in the qualifiers, scoring one point per win, with the top four teams progressing to the challenger round. Land Rover BAR started the qualifiers with two points and Oracle Team USA with one after finishing first and second respectively in the 2015-16 America's Cup World Series. The top four challengers are split into two best-of-five semi-finals from 4 June, with the winners competing in the final for the right to take on holders Oracle Team USA - who are also taking part in the qualifiers - in the actual America's Cup matches. The first to seven points wins the America's Cup, or the Auld Mug as the trophy is known, with a possible 13 races to be sailed on 17-18 and 24-27 June. The America's Cup, the oldest competition in international sport, was first raced in 1851 around the Isle of Wight and has only been won by four nations. Three races take place on Monday, with the British team involved in the opener against France.
The addition of Permian, who was successful in the Dante Stakes at York, and last week's Goodwood winner Khalidi, means the total purse for the Classic on 3 June will be £1. 625m. The John Gosden-trained Cracksman is the favourite. Cracksman beat Permian in the Derby Trial in April. Meanwhile, trainer John Jenkins has defended his owner's decision to run 1,000-1 outsider Diore Lia, where she will be ridden by apprentice Gina Mangan. Diore Lia has made just two competitive appearances to date, beating only one rival on her Epsom debut late last month before finishing down the field at Lingfield. Owner-breeder Richard Aylward is keen to let his filly take her chance to generate publicity and funds for Great Ormond Street Children's Hospital. "If I didn't run her, someone else would.  The owner is keen to run her and has set up a charity.  He's there for the big day," said Jenkins. "I had a runner in the Derby a long time ago.  That was an outsider as well and it didn't finish last.
The company has been negotiating with the pension regulator and the PPF in a bid to offload its pension liabilities and a decision is expected soon. Most, if not all, members of the scheme would see a reduction in benefits. Those under retirement age would receive an immediate 10% cut in their pension pot. In addition, annual payments to most members, including those already retired, would be less in the PPF than if the Hoover scheme continued. At about £500m, the pension scheme is roughly the same size as BHS.BHS pensions is already receiving compensation from PPF which acts as a lifeboat for pensions so people are paid even when a company goes bust or is about to and if there are insufficient assets in the scheme. BHS is being assessed for take-over by the organisation. The Hoover scheme has a deficit of about £250m. Parent company Hoover Candy stopped producing washing machines in Merthyr Tydfil in 2009, blaming competition in the marketplace. More than 300 workers lost their jobs although there is still a head office and a distribution warehouse in the town. It is believed about half of the Hoover pension scheme's 7,800 members live in Wales. Pensions expert Stuart Price, partner at Quantum Advisory, said: "Members of the pension schemes will lose out on their benefits but, on the flipside, those still employed by the company will retain their jobs. "At the moment they [members] don't know what's happening so they can't really plan for their short-term future. "If they get a 10% reduction [for those under 65] and lower increases in the future they might find it very hard to overcome. "Will you be affected by a change to the Hoover pensions scheme?You can contact us in the following ways:Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist.
Levein, the club's director of football, described finishing fifth in the Premiership, as "frustrating and a tad disappointing". "I've got high hopes for him [Cathro]," Levein said.  "This is a tough place to manage, as I know myself. "The thing about here is the players like him. "Levein points to mistakes in the January transfer window which saw Hearts sign nine players - six of whom have since left the club - as a chief reason for the underwhelming league campaign. Dylan Bikey, Tasos Avlonitis, Lennard Sowah, Andraz Struna and Alexandros Tziolis are all moving on while Moha Choulay is returning to parent club Stoke City. "Rushed is probably a fair assessment," Levein explained. "We've had six transfer windows since the club came out of administration [in 2014].  Four of them have been really good, the last two haven't been particularly good. "In hindsight, should we have given longer-term contracts to some of those players? The answer is probably no. "The fact we gave them short-term contracts has allowed us to still be in a position to be able to strengthen this summer and repair some of the damage. "Levein says the "furore" surrounding 30-year-old Cathro since his arrival has been tough for the young head coach to deal with, but says the players enjoy working under him and will improve next season. "For him to be a real success here we need to give him time and let him understand what this is all about," Levein explained.  "Then we can let him go and play how he wants to play, but we need to fix some other things first. "His problem early on has been understanding Scottish football, not understanding how he wants to play. "In this country just now, Celtic are in a class of their own, Rangers play a different style of football to other teams, but the rest play the same. "If you can't deal with long balls, second balls, wide crosses, then you can't impose yourself on the match. "His early experiences have been about understanding that part of it.  Once he deals with that part of it I think it will allow his coaching abilities to come to the fore.
The African champions take on the Europeans in Jeju, South Korea, as they look to seal a place in the quarter-finals. Chambeshi has watched his side play some attractive football in the group stage and is looking for more of the same on Wednesday. "They have a strong team but we are the African champions, so at least that morale is motivating us a lot," said Chambeshi. He said his team had fully recovered from the 1-0 defeat they suffered against Costa Rica in their final Group C match. "We are representing Africa and I think we have the strength and power to match Germany. They have a strong team but we are the African champions"We have to respect them, but they have to respect us too. "Zambia's prospects have been boosted by the return of captain Solomon Sakala who sat out the Costa Rica game through suspension. "I'm happy the captain is back in the team; morale is high and the boys are looking forward to the game. "Chambeshi was part of Zambia's Olympic squad thrashed 4-0 by Germany during the 1988 Games in Seoul. However, he said revenge was not his main motivation but getting the result to see them through to the next stage. "In football, there is no revenge; we know everyone is looking at that [Seoul '88 defeat], but we buried that Seoul Olympics defeat. "We have to do our very best so that we overcome Germany. "That time Germany had [Jurgen] Klinsmann who was a high-class player. "We also had good players, but now it's a different scenario.
The 20-year-old centre-back made 12 appearances this season as Pompey won the League Two title, and has played 50 games in total for the club. Whatmough said: "In the past few years I've seen a lot of hard times as the club struggled and slid downwards through the leagues. "But now we are on the way back up again and it's great to be involved and play a part in that. "Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The 21-year-old moved to the Reds in 2014 after being let go by Watford, where he had progressed through the youth system. He made 82 appearances for Crawley during his three seasons at the club but failed to score a goal. "Bobson has attributes that suit the way we want to play," manager Anthony Limbrick told the club's website. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Gatland says Henry indicated to his players at the outset of the trip of Australia who would be selected for the Test matches. He says that meant his compatriot "lost half the team on day one". "The players knew straight away what was the Test side and who was making up the numbers," said the New Zealander. Gatland, who on Wednesday named his side to face the Provincial Barbarians in the tour opener on Saturday, says each of his 41-man squad is in contention to face the All Blacks. "Keeping harmony in the squad is paramount," he said.  "It's about giving everyone an opportunity. "It's important these guys feel like they are putting themselves in the shop window and have a chance to prove themselves, and with a little bit of luck are in contention for the Tests. Media playback is not supported on this deviceOwen Farrell and Johnny Sexton appear to be in competition for the fly-half spot after Gatland reiterated he sees the Englishman as a "world-class 10", rather than a centre. Irishman Sexton starts on Saturday, with Farrell on the bench. "The players are pretty aware about the competition in that position," Gatland said.  "Johnny gets a start on Saturday, and the other two [Farrell and Dan Biggar] will get a start in the next two games. "Gatland's son Bryn will start for the Provincial Barbarians at fly-half. "I spoke to Bryn last night and he's enjoying the week," Gatland Sr said.  "We'll catch up tomorrow, and he'll expect to have to make a few tackles on the weekend. "We haven't spoken too much about the game but he's excited about the opportunity.
Donaldson, 41, moved to eight under par at Barseback Golf and Country Club to lead from Italy's Renato Paratore. Englishmen Graeme Storm and Max Orrin, who was tied for the lead on Thursday, are a stroke further back in Malmo. "I made some great escapes and the chipping and putting has been better," said Donaldson. "I've just got to keep doing the same things, don't think too far ahead about winning tournaments as yet because it's only two rounds in. "Donaldson, who is looking for a fourth European Tour title, carded five birdies and just his first bogey of the week to take the lead. "I've been playing some nice golf and just not been able to put it all together, the first couple of days here I've been able to do that," added the world number 256. Orrin, who secured a rookie season on the European Tour via the qualifying school, had shared the overnight lead with Paratore, but the 23-year-old could only add a level-par 73 to his opening 68. He and 39-year-old Storm, who is seeking his second win of the season, are joined in tied third by France's Benjamin Hebert.
Portugal international centre-back Alves became Caixinha's first signing as Rangers boss last week. And McCarthy, who was at Porto when Alves was breaking through, insists he will prove a shrewd capture. "He'll bring something different to Rangers and beef up their defence, so he's the right defender to bring in," McCarthy told BBC Scotland. "Bruno has a wealth of experience, he's played at the highest level and he's a winner. "He'll give them a bit more stability at the back, more bite, he's a leader and he'll organise that defence.  His communication won't be a problem because his English is very good. "Bruno is very composed and calm on the ball so he will help the way the manager wants to play things from the back.  Bruno is the perfect fit for what the manager is trying to bring to Rangers right now. "As impressed as McCarthy is by the signing of Alves, he reckons Rangers will have to bring in a few more players of a similar calibre before they will be in a position to seriously challenge Celtic. Brendan Rodgers' side finished 39 points ahead of the Ibrox outfit as they won the Premiership and went on to secure an unbeaten domestic treble. "I'm not too sure he'll be able to change that because Celtic are so strong," McCarthy said.  "It's going to take more than one Bruno Alves in that Rangers side to take the title from Celtic, but if they sign a couple more players like Bruno, then I think Rangers are in with a shout of giving Celtic a run for their money. "Alves began his career at Porto and had various loan spells before becoming a first-team regular, winning nine major honour with the Dragons. He joined Zenit Saint Petersburg for £18m in 2010, with whom he won two league titles and the Russian Super Cup before joining Turkish giants Fenerbahce for £4. 5m in 2013. There he won one league title and the Turkish Super Cup and then in 2016 he moved to Italian Serie A side Cagliari, from whom he joined Rangers. Part of the Portugal squad that won the European Championships in 2016, Alves has 89 caps for his national side, and McCarthy is convinced the defender has a lot more football left in him, despite being 35 years old. "He's a fitness fanatic and looks after himself exceptionally well so that will keep him going for a few years," he added.  "The experience that he'll bring, Rangers really need it from what I've seen last season. "And the South African has assured Rangers fans that while Alves is the type of robust defender they need, he will not be a regular in the notebooks of Scotland's referees. "Everybody has a bit of temper in him but Bruno will choose his moments wisely, he's a senior player in that squad and he has to be an example," McCarthy added. "He can't do silly things that leave the team hanging because they will depend on his experience and to guide the young players.  I don't think he'll end up in hot water too many times but he'll bring some fight to that Rangers defence.
Zanzibar, which is officially part of Tanzania but has its own government, was given unanimous approval at the Confederation of African Football's general assembly in March. The archipelago has long hoped to become a member of the international football community and had its previous application rejected by Fifa in 2005. "Following admission of Zanzibar into CAF, TFF has now formally submitted application for Zanzibar to become a member of FIFA.," TFF president Malinzi wrote on his official Twitter account on Sunday. The Zanzibar Football Association (ZFA) has already fulfilled a crucial requirement which states that national associations must be affiliated to continental confederations before they can join Fifa. Should Fifa accept Caf's 55th member association, then it will become the 212th member association of world football's governing body. It will also be granted the right to vote on global football issues and the national team will be able to take part in the 2022 World Cup qualifying competition. Zanzibar was previously an associate member on the continent, allowing its clubs to play in Caf competitions but its national team was excluded. The semi-autonomous territory is expected to participate in the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying.
"The rules of the game are changing," the prime minister declared. And he launched a 12-point plan of tough measures to deal with the threat of terrorism.  I can remember writing them all down in my notebook and wondering when this bewildering list of policies was going to end. Chaos ensued.  Opposition parties protested they had not been consulted.  The then Labour chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee dismissed the policies as "half-baked". And Mr Blair went on holiday leaving his Home Secretary, Charles Clarke, to pick up the pieces. Day after day, there were emergency news conferences as the policies were clarified, rewritten and embellished. Some were quietly forgotten - such as new powers to close mosques - and others provoked divisive parliamentary battles, such as allowing the police 90 days to detain terror suspects without charge. The attacks transformed the politics of the summer. But the key point is this: Mr Blair had already won his third election in May with a healthy majority of 66. In contrast, Theresa May is dealing with her terrorism while the election campaign is still going on. For the prime minister, there are several lessons she could take from the experience of her Labour predecessor. Anti-terror laws made up on the hoof in the heat of the moment are not always the best ones. And laws do not always help.  Since 2000, there has also been a lot of counter-terrorism legislation passed by Parliament and yet the threat is still there and very real. Yet Mrs May clearly felt the need to say something in Downing Street in response to the London Bridge attack that went beyond the usual condemnation of the violence, sympathy for the victims and their families and praise for the security forces. The fact that she announced some policy prescriptions showed that, in her mind, the need to be seen to being doing something outweighed the inevitable criticism of politicising the reaction to the incident.  And, of course, a four-point plan was better than Mr Blair's 12. This was a recognition by the prime minister that security is now a significant issue in this election.  Long after the rows of this campaign are over the government that is elected will still be facing the threat of Islamist terrorism. Where once the last few days of the election might have been focused on Brexit or tax or spending, much time and space will now be devoted to police numbers, intelligence capacity and extremist ideology. It is a political truism that security issues tend to favour the incumbent, allowing the prime minister of the day to look and be prime ministerial. It lifts them temporarily from the petty partisan point-scoring to the Olympian heights of statesmanship and all that a Downing Street podium can confer upon them. In times of uncertainty, the status quo looks attractive.  As Belloc rhymed, "Always keep a-hold of nurse for fear of finding something worse". Yet for Mrs May this is a double-edged sword. Her security background gives her the experience and knowledge to sound convincing and credible on counter-terrorism.  Yet it also gives her opponents a record to attack and ask what on earth she has been doing as home secretary over the past seven years to tackle the threat.  Has she, for example, been increasing or cutting police budgets?Security is also double-edged for Jeremy Corbyn.  These attacks have allowed his opponents to revive past comments revealing his reluctance to use armed force, to accuse him of consorting with members of the IRA, and to remind voters of his opposition to many counter-terrorism laws. But the issue also allows the Labour leader to surprise voters with a counterintuitive promise to give the police full authority to use force. It also gives him space to question some of Britain's alliances with countries in the Middle East from where some Islamist ideology originated. The truth is that the impact of such incidents on elections is not straightforward. In Israel, for instance, what are considered to be terror attacks tend to favour parties of the right over parties of the left. But the evidence elsewhere appears inconsistent and sketchy. The terror attack in Paris this April did not help the Front National leader, Marine Le Pen. But in Spain in 2004, the attack on Madrid's commuter trains that killed 192 people - just three days before polling - did not help save the ruling centre-right Popular Party from defeat. The bottom line, perhaps, is that many voters in Britain will have seen terrorism before. And they will see it as just one issue among many on which they can base their vote. They also know that elections are about choosing a government for potentially five years and knee-jerk decisions are not always best for the long-term.
Liverpool-bound striker Dominic Solanke picked up Lewis Cook's pass to score the winner shortly after the interval. England played the last 17 minutes with 10 men after Josh Onomah was sent off. Freddie Woodman was required to make key saves late on as Paul Simpson's side held on to reach the semi-finals for the first time in 24 years. Italy beat Zambia 3-2 after extra time and will face England in Jeonju on Thursday. The other semi-final sees Uruguay take on Venezuela. After a goalless first half, Bournemouth midfielder Cook split the Mexico defence with an exquisite ball from deep that Solanke, who will join Liverpool from Chelsea next month, ran on to before firing past Abraham Romero. England also saw a goal-bound deflection cleared off the line and Onomah hit the post before the Tottenham midfielder was dismissed in contentious circumstances. The 20-year-old appeared to make accidental contact with Juan Aguayo as he ran past his marker but was shown a second yellow card that rules him out of the Italy game. England Under-20s last reached the final four of this competition in 1993, when a squad featuring Nicky Butt and Nick Barmby lost to Ghana in the semis before beating Australia to finish in third place. BBC sports editor Dan RoanThese are encouraging times for English youth football.  Last season, the Under-21s won the Toulon tournament for the first time in 22 years.  Last month the Under-17s reached the final of the European Championships. The U20s have now done something no England team has managed since 1993. In fact, England failed to qualify for five of the last 11 Under-20 World Cups, and did not win a game in the other six. The FA believes this current success is testament to the continuity and technical support representative teams receive at the National Football Centre at St George's Park, and improved trust with clubs over the release of young players. But with the top clubs awash with TV money and increasingly able to buy proven foreign talent, the concern will be that the path to first-team football for home-grown youngsters is harder than ever.
Mills scored 102 goals for Whitehawk after joining the club in 2012, having previously had spells with clubs including Peterborough and Torquay. Details of the length of the 26-year-old's contract at Stonebridge Road have not been disclosed. Mills is Ebbsfleet's first signing since winning promotion from National League South in May.
Hearn is trying to line up a spot for Taylor on the undercard of Mikey Garcia's clash with four-time world champion Adrien Broner on 28 July. Taylor stopped German Nina Meinke in a world title eliminator at Wembley Stadium in April and is expected to fight for a world title in the autumn. Ireland's former Olympic champion has won all five bouts since turning pro. Unbeaten Belfast boxer Ryan Burnett, who is also in Hearn's Matchroom Boxing stable, will fight champion Lee Haskins for the IBF world bantamweight title at the SSE Arena on Saturday. It is a first crack at a world belt for the 24-year-old Burnett, whose one hundred per cent record in 16 pro contests has already earned him British and WBC International titles.
The 19-year-old produced a spell of 5-3 in 19 balls as six Glamorgan wickets fell in the last 13 overs of day one. Ben Cox's aggressive 93 off 99 balls was the mainstay of the home innings, while Ed Barnard (60) and Tongue (41) led the lower-order resistance. Timm van der Gugten, with 4-66, was the pick of the Glamorgan attack. Worcestershire counter-attacked hard from their poor start as Cox, having come in on a hat-trick on 14-3, hit 15 fours before being brilliantly caught by Andrew Salter within sight of his century. After two double century opening stands in three matches, this time both Worcestershire openers were back in the pavilion inside eight overs, Daryl Mitchell, who had scored 534 runs in his previous five innings, going for a third-ball duck. Netherlands seamer van der Gugten claimed four of the first six wickets to fall in an accurate display, including Tom Fell and Brett D'Oliveira in successive balls. But, in only his sixth Championship game, Tongue outshone everyone.  He improved his best with both bat and ball, aided by some superb slip catching in the dramatic closing overs as only Jacques Rudolph (49 not out) reached double figures. Worcestershire's Ben Cox told BBC Hereford & Worcester:"It was an edgy start, going in at 14-3, and I wasn't backing myself.  But, on a wicket like that, it sometimes suits my game to go out and try and put the pressure back on them. "Fortunately my edges didn't go to hand.  And iIt was a good catch (to get me out), but it's 93 from a position where we were really struggling and we're in a good position now. "We couldn't be happier after that spell from Tonguey.  That's one of the best spells I've kept to.  We said it down at Glamorgan that there's going to be times that he has those spells, he clicks and hits the zone. "Glamorgan's Jacques Rudolph told BBC Wales Sport:"First and foremost it was a great spell of bowling (by Tongue), it's one of those spells where Joe (Clarke) took a brilliant one-handed catch, the keeper (Cox) took a brilliant one-handed catch and it's obviously not ideal to be in this position because it's quite a good wicket. "Coming back, we've got to have a strong mind-set and when we bowl again.  we probably gave 20 to 30 runs too many, but there's still plenty of time left in the game. "If your mind-set's good on this wicket, it gives you opportunities to score, Cox almost got a hundred by playing really positively.
Ian Toothill said he believes he is the first cancer patient to scale the world's highest mountain. The Sheffield Wednesday fan planted a flag of rivals Sheffield United at the summit for charity. The 47-year-old personal trainer, who reached the summit on Monday, has raised almost £31,500 ($40,600) for Macmillan. He tweeted: "Nothing to see here, just some cancer dude [Sheffield Wednesday] fan on the summit of Everest with a @SUFC_tweets flag. "Live updates and this and other stories from YorkshireMr Toothill, originally from Sheffield, lives in Willesden Green in London and has climbed in the Himalayas. He was diagnosed with bowel cancer in June 2015 and told in early 2016 that he had beaten the disease, but later found out it had returned. He said he has been told he has "just several months left to live". Speaking to BBC Radio Sheffield in February, he said: "I'm determined to prove anything is possible. "He reached the top of the North Col route on 16 May and the summit of Everest on 5 June. Miss NJP tweeted: "What an amazing achievement and a wonderful moment for @IanToothill.  Feeling emotional.  So glad you made it to the top #climbingforcancer". The Sheffield Wednesday fan planted the rival Sheffield United flag at the summit after a friend donated £1,000. Mr Toothill was accompanied part-way of the climb by Leslie Binns, from Rotherham, who abandoned his climb to the summit after saving the life of a fellow climber last June. His fundraising bid raised almost £31,500, beating the target of £29,100.
Nottingham-born Fletcher, 41, began his broadcasting career in the city. Sports PR firm founder Paul Mace, a lifelong Magpies fan, and property consultancy director Jon Enever have also joined the club. Chief executive Jason Turner becomes football operations director, with Corrine Rigby as finance director and Amanda Fletcher as commercial director. Chairman Alan Hardy said: "I am delighted to have put together such a strong team of people who have a diverse and complementary range of football and business skill sets. "Football is a team game and it is important that we have a committed, enthusiastic and experienced senior group in place dedicated to getting Notts County back to where they belong in the English footballing pyramid. "Enever is a board member of Nottingham Means Business and chairman of Talented Enterprising Nottingham, while Mace wrote the 250,000-word Notts book One Flew Over The Magpies Nest. Turner arrived at Meadow Lane in April 2016 after previously holding similar positions with Newport County, Plymouth and Cardiff City, while Rigby and Fletcher were both executive appointments by Hardy when he took over the club in January.
"It's surreal, man, it really is," said Gennett, the first Reds player to achieve the feat and who also tied a club record with 10 runs batted in. "I'm truly blessed.  Being from here, born here.  It's an honour for sure. "No player has ever hit more than four in a game - Bobby Lowe was the first, for Boston Beaneaters on 30 May, 1894. Josh Hamilton was the most recent to tie the record, for Texas against Baltimore on 8 May, 2012.
The 49-strong team for the event, which will be at London Stadium in Stratford from 14-23 July, contains 10 athletes who won gold at Rio 2016. Two-time Paralympic champion Peacock, 24, missed out on the 2015 World Championships through injury and will look to recapture the 100m title he claimed in 2013. Media playback is not supported on this deviceBritain won 31 medals in Doha two years ago, including 13 golds, finishing fourth in the medal table. London will be the first time the event has been held in the same city and in the same summer as the World Athletics Championships, which run from 4-13 August. Six-time world champion David Weir is not included after withdrawing from British Athletics following a fallout with coach Jenni Banks, and double T11 100m and 200m Paralympic champion Libby Clegg misses out with an injury. Cox, 26, who has multiple sclerosis, won gold medals in track cycling and athletics at Rio 2016, but has focused her training on athletics this year before her defence of her T37 100m title. Cockroft, 24, won world gold in the T34 100m, 400m and 800m two years ago, a treble she repeated in Rio last year. Whitehead, 40, can become a four-time T42 200m world champion in London, while Jo Butterfield will be given the opportunity to defend her club throw titles in the F51 and and Aled Davies his shot title in the F42 . T38 sprinter Sophie Hahn, who has cerebral palsy, can win her third individual 100m world title, despite only being 20. Paralympic champions Hollie Arnold and Aled Sion Davies are among nine athletes from Wales included.
The country's government has deemed him worthy of the Grand Cross of the Order of Civil Merit for his bravery. Echeverría reportedly tried to fight off the terrorists with his skateboard to save a stabbed woman. He became one of eight victims of the assault on the London Bridge area. Earlier in the week, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy praised his "heroic and exemplary act" and recommended that he receive the award. The foreign ministry in Madrid said: "His bravery in standing up for a defenceless person is a reminder of the need to remain united in the face of the scourge of terrorism. "On Saturday night, Echeverría, 39, was passing through Borough Market after an evening skateboarding with friends nearby. Guillermo Sánchez, a friend who was with him at the time, told El País newspaper that they had been on their way to dinner when they saw a man on the street and assumed they had stumbled into a drunken brawl. They then saw a police officer fall to the ground and a woman being assaulted. "I'm focusing on her and then, suddenly, I see that Ignacio's there, starting to hit [the attackers] with his skateboard," Sánchez told the paper. Shortly afterwards, Echeverría was attacked himself and he was last seen lying on the ground, the family said. His friends managed to get away. His death was confirmed on Wednesday after his family had waited several days for information. On Thursday, Las Rozas, his hometown on the outskirts of Madrid, held a vigil in his honour, which was attended by thousands. El País reported that a new skateboarding park will be named after him. "My brother Ignacio tried to stop the terrorists and lost his life trying to save others," his sister Isabel said on social media. Echevarría worked for the HSBC bank in London, as part of their team fighting money laundering. His body is due to arrive in Madrid on Saturday, said Spanish news agency EFE.The same Spanish state aircraft will also carry some of Echevarría's relatives. The British ambassador to Spain, Simon Manley, and Spain's Deputy Foreign Minister, Cristóbal González-Aller, will meet the plane when it arrives. The three attackers were killed by police shortly after they began their assault. In that time, they had driven a van into pedestrians on London Bridge and then proceeded to neighbouring Borough Market, where they got out and began attacking people with large knives. Eight people died in the attack and 48 people were injured.
The tweet, which has since been deleted, read: "The Pride community is everybody, not just LGBTQ people.  - Kayla, merchandiser. "June is being celebrated as Pride Month around the world, with parades in Los Angeles, Athens, and Rome among others. The aim is to celebrate the gay community and fight for LGBTQ rights. The tweet was meant to promote Abercrombie's limited edition tie-up with The Trevor Project, a free suicide prevention hotline for young LGBTQ people. But despite the praiseworthy connection, many of the brand's Twitter followers found it inappropriate. Blogger Camille Beredjick's rebuke was "liked" over a thousand times.
In 2015, voter turnout among 18- to 24-year-olds was estimated to be 43%, compared with a 66. 1% turnout overall.  This year, YouGov puts the youth turnout at 58%. Polling traditionally shows that a majority of young people vote Labour.   This year, the proportion has jumped to 63% for 18-29-year-olds, according to YouGov. So how did this change happen?Sam Jeffers, co-founder of Who Targets Me, which monitored the use of social media adverts by the political parties during the general election, said it seemed clear that Labour defeated the Conservatives in the social media battle. Labour's adverts had consistently been shared more widely by social media users, he said. Part of this appears to be down to the difference in tone of the adverts. While the Conservatives had almost entirely focused their adverts on the strength of Prime Minister Theresa May and the weakness of Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, Labour's social media adverts had been more positive, seeking to emphasise that the party was building a social movement, he said. And this had been combined with the repeated use of adverts with practical messages designed to increase youth voter turnout by giving instructions on how to register to vote and where to find local polling stations. Adverts also appeared to have been released on specific days on the basis that their message was likely to cut through for only a limited amount of time, Mr Jeffers said. For example, Labour had invested heavily on adverts attacking the Tories' so-called "dementia tax" on social care costs, days before the 8 June election. The aim of this appeared to be to suppress the older, potentially Conservative, vote or get them to switch to Labour at the last minute, Mr Jeffers said. Labour also focused its attention on more of the UK, targeting 464 constituencies in the final two days of the election campaign.  The Tories targeted 205. Was it Facebook wot swung it?While the Labour Party paid for targeted adverts on social media, Momentum - the group that was set up to support Mr Corbyn's leadership bid and now campaigns for Labour - had a different social media strategy. Rather than pay for advertising, it instead sought to create content it hoped social media users would share voluntarily. The group created videos - many of them parodies - it hoped would become viral. These included Daddy, why do you hate me? - a mock political broadcast telling people to vote for Theresa May "because your children deserve worse" - which Momentum says has been viewed more than 7. 6 million times across social media platforms. Its Facebook and Twitter pages feature a mixture of content, from posts mocking Theresa May's record to videos of Mr Corbyn hugging some of his supporters. Joe Todd, from Momentum, said the group had felt its strategy was working when it had realised many of the people sharing its content were not typical supporters of Mr Corbyn. Increasingly, users liking its Facebook page had been people who also liked the pages of TV programmes not known for their political audiences, such as Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway and Match of the Day, he said. "We were breaking out of the leftie bubble," Mr Todd said. Using message services to reach the young - and in some cases mobilising them into an army of potential canvassers - had been important in reaching the youth vote, Mr Todd said. Momentum says it reached some 400,000 people through the messaging platform WhatsApp, which data shows is used most by 18-to 29-year-olds, in the UK.The group also set up mynearestmarginal.com - a website that enables activists to pool together, and often lift share, to canvass in marginal seats. Momentum says the website was used by about 100,000 people - more than four times as many as its 24,000 membership. This meant young people with no experience of canvassing could team up with those with previous election experience for targeted canvassing. "If you have a young person telling another young person, 'You should get out and vote because this election is important', it's more convincing," Mr Todd said. There was also an unashamed pitch for the youth vote at the heart of Labour's manifesto For the Many, Not the Few - and that was the eye-catching promise of scrapping tuition fees for university students and the pledge to reintroduce their maintenance grants. Further policies pitched with the young in mind included the ending of zero-hour contracts and unpaid internships, a rise in the minimum wage, and a pledge to build more than one million homes. Of course, Labour wasn't the only party that targeted young people and it's hard to quantify the effect of the manifesto in getting the young out to vote, but Mr Todd felt it was among the most significant factors. "It conjured up a sense of hope," he said. The Labour campaign also featured large rallies that accompanied Jeremy Corbyn's speeches around the country. Mr Corbyn had been a long-standing supporter of the protest movement, and the veteran anti-war campaigner was well placed to appeal to a growing number of young people who had become engaged in politics through these movements, according to Sam Fairbairn, national secretary of the People's Assembly protest group. Although the People's Assembly does not endorse individual parties or candidates, Mr Fairbairn said the group - and its numerous local affiliates and sister organisations - had encouraged members to join Mr Corbyn's campaign rallies. "It's no accident Jeremy has been part of these movements since he's been in politics.  This is how many young people have got into politics in the last 10 years," Mr Fairbairn said. "What we saw was the result of the work all these movements have done. "A string of endorsements from anti-establishment celebrities and musicians, including from the world of grime - a genre of music that blends garage and jungle and  has a Jamaican influence - also, arguably, further bolstered Mr Corbyn's youth credentials. Mr Corbyn also took part in interviews with outlets - such as rock magazines NME and Kerrang, and football YouTube channel Copa90 - outside of the political mainstream that were more likely to reach younger audiences. Becka Hudson, from the #Grime4Corbyn campaign, told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme Mr Corbyn had "offered young people a programme they can believe in and a better future". The question is what happens next with that youth support. Is there the danger the young will be discouraged by the election result and be less likely to turn out at the next election, whenever that may be?Mr Todd thinks the opposite is the case. "For most people this project was something they believed in, but it seemed like it might not be possible.  Now the prospect of victory is really realistic," he said.
Devon and Cornwall Police were called to the statue of General Buller in Exeter at 23:40 BST on Saturday. The 18-year-old, from the Exeter area, was climbing on the 15ft (4. 5m) statue - a well known landmark which depicts General Redvers Buller on horseback, mounted on a large granite plinth - when he fell. He suffered serious neck and back injuries and died in hospital.
The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said it had identified 33 local areas where pubs would not face sufficient competition after the deal. Heineken, which already owns 1,100 pubs, must submit plans to the CMA by 20 June or face an in-depth inquiry. However, the brewing giant said it would address the CMA's concerns. "This decision by the CMA acknowledges that there are only a small number of local areas where competition may be diminished due to our acquisition of the pubs," said David Forde, managing director for Heineken UK."We are confident we can offer the CMA suitable undertakings to satisfy their concerns. "The preliminary CMA investigation concluded that the deal would not damage the chances of Heineken's competitors selling their own products, as the pubs being bought only make up 4% of the market. It also felt that it was unlikely Heineken would reduce the choice of beer and cider available in the Punch pubs, as this could lead it to lose business.
Tiote, 30, died after collapsing during training for Chinese second-tier side Beijing Enterprises on 5 June. Friends, family and former team-mates attended the memorial and his coffin was draped with an Ivory Coast flag. "I lived some extraordinary moments with this man and today he is gone," said Senegal striker Cisse, who spent four years at Newcastle. "He was like a brother.  We shared a lot in life.  His family was my family," added the Shandong Lueng player, who was in tears at the service. In his seven years at Newcastle, Ivory Coast international Tiote made over 150 appearances, including three last season. He joined Beijing Enterprises in February.
The call was made at a scrutiny meeting of the council to discuss the problems surrounding the new vessel. Council leader Dave Stewart said the crossing at Cowes would be free until 2 July "in recognition of the problems" and to allow feedback. Mr Stewart said the council had ordered a review of the project by auditors. He said it had been a "frustrating and disappointing start" to the ferry. Since launching late on 14 May the chain ferry has broken down, run aground and been suspended by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency due to "training issues". Cars have also been damaged getting on and off. Shopkeeper Angie Booth, who owns Valu-4-U in East Cowes, said: "Whether I come out of this and survive I am not sure - other businesses too.  We are bearing the brunt of the loss of almost six months of trade. "Will you compensate local businesses, the same as for damaged cars?"Transport councillor Ian Ward said compensation was up for discussion. He added: "I don't think it's a disaster.  It's a prototype.  There are bound to be teething problems.  There were electrical problems which the company has rectified. "He said the council authorised the manufacture of ramp extensions to resolve the problem of vehicles scraping the concrete. He said groundings were an issue with seamanship, which had been resolved.
He collided with a black Vauxhall Insignia on the junction of Wian Street and London Road in Holyhead shortly before 12:30 BST on 3 June. The man, who was local to the area, was taken to a hospital in Stoke but has died from his injuries. North Wales Police are investigating the incident and want to speak to witnesses of the collision.
The 17-year-old scored 330. 70 in Kiev to finish ahead of Russian duo Anna Chuinyshena (326. 90) and Iuliia Timoshinina (313. 30). "To be honest, I did not expect this victory," said Toulson.  "I am not totally satisfied with my dives yet. "The World Championships take place in Budapest, Hungary from 14 July. Toulson is expected to compete both individually and with Tonia Couch in the synchronised event.
Flanker Peter O'Mahony captains the side in Rotorua, with tour skipper Sam Warburton on the replacements' bench. Maro Itoje starts at lock in an otherwise unchanged pack from the one that beat the Crusaders last Saturday. "Even though it's a strong side we have to make sure we aren't fully showing our hand," said boss Warren Gatland. "We need to keep the All Blacks guessing a little bit about what the final squad [for the first Test] may be. "Sexton, 31, has not started since the first match of the tour against the Provincial Barbarians, but came off the bench to good effect in the win over the Crusaders in Christchurch. He partners fellow Irishman Conor Murray at half-back. "Johnny needs some more rugby and he's got a bit of his mojo back, so we wanted to give him a start," Gatland added. Farrell is among the replacements, and Gatland says there is "every chance" he will play alongside Sexton at some point in the game. Gatland has previously played down the possibility of Farrell and Sexton operating in the same backline. "Owen Farrell has had quite a bit of rugby and he's pretty important to us at the moment," Gatland said. "We need to make sure he is fit for the following week, because he has been pretty crucial to us. "He is on the bench and he can come on and we could end up with a 10/12 combination [with Sexton], or we can end up with him coming on at 10. "At some point he will get some game time. "Maori All Blacks: J Lowe; N Milner-Skudder, M Proctor, C Ngatai, R Ioane; D McKenzie, T Kerr-Barlow; K Hames, A Dixon (capt), B May, J Wheeler, T Franklin, A Ioane, E Dixon, L Messam. Replacements: H Elliot, C Eves, M Renata, L Price, K Pryor, B Hall, I West, R Thompson. Lions: L Halfpenny (Wales); A Watson (England), J Davies (Wales), B Te'o (England), G North (Wales); J Sexton, C Murray (both Ireland); M Vunipola, J George (both England), T Furlong (Ireland), M Itoje, G Kruis (both England), P O'Mahony (capt, Ireland), S O'Brien (Ireland), T Faletau (Wales). Replacements: K Owens (Wales), J McGrath (Ireland), K Sinckler (England), I Henderson (Ireland), S Warburton (Wales), G Laidlaw (Scotland), O Farrell, E Daly (both England). Gatland says Warburton is aware of the competition he faces in the back row if he is to start the first Test against the All Blacks on 24 June. Warburton returned from a minor ankle injury to play over an hour in the midweek defeat by the Highlanders in Dunedin. "He is fully aware that loose-forward trio went extremely well against the Crusaders," Gatland said. "This tour isn't about Sam Warburton, it's about putting the squad first, so if he isn't involved in the first Test he will fully understand that. "Elswehere, Ben Te'o is alongside Jonathan Davies in the midfield, with George North, Anthony Watson and Leigh Halfpenny in the back three. Liam Williams does not feature in the matchday squad for the second successive game. Mako Vunipola, Jamie George and Tadgh Furlong continue their combination in the front row. Media playback is not supported on this deviceGatland says a fixture against the Maori is one of the "unique spectacles in world rugby". The Maori starting XV features experienced All Blacks such as scrum-half Tawera Kerr-Barlow and wing Nehe Milner-Skudder. The potent backline also includes fly-half Damian McKenzie, Charlie Ngatai and Reiko Ioane, who scored against the Lions for the Blues and has been named in the New Zealand squad for the Test matches. "We experienced a powerful powhiri on Monday which really resonated with the boys and it's been great to be here in Rotorua and feel all the support," said Maori head coach Colin Cooper. "It's really lifted the team and helped bring them together as a unit.  We recognise the challenge that is ahead of us on Saturday, but we're really excited as a group by the opportunity we have to represent New Zealand, Maoridom and the fans that will descend on Rotorua this weekend.
Salman Ramadan Abedi, 22, detonated a homemade device in the foyer of Manchester Arena following an Ariana Grande concert on 22 May. The five-minute hearing was adjourned until 1 December, pending the police investigation. Twenty-two people were killed in the arena attack. No members of Abedi's family were present at court, which was sitting at Manchester Town Hall. A full inquest will be heard once the police investigation into the attack has been completed. The court heard Abedi died of "multiple injuries" when he detonated an improvised explosive device. He was later identified by genetic markers and his bank card that was found nearby, the court heard. The inquests for the victims were opened with a minute's silence on 9 June and adjourned until November. Coroner Nigel Meadows said the victims' inquests, at Manchester Civil Justice Centre, would be adjourned until 24 November and this was a "holding date" which could be moved if the police investigation was still ongoing. The hearing on 9 June was shown a photograph of each of the victims and told of their injuries.  Those who died were aged between eight and 51. A map of where 19 of those killed in the foyer was also shown to the hearing.   The court heard a further three - John Atkinson, Georgina Callander and Saffie Roussos - died later in hospital. Some of those who died were standing very close to the bomber, with others as far as 20m (66ft) away. A further 116 people were injured in the attack.
Evans took another step towards a possible world title shot in a scrappy fight that swung in favour of the champion in the later rounds. Ormond was down twice at the end of the final round as two left hands to the body secured a 10-7 round for Evans. The judges scored the contest 97-91, 99-89, 96-93 in favour of the Welshman. Evans stated before the fight that he wants a shot at WBO lightweight champion Terry Flanagan and victory over Ormond will improve his WBO ranking of ninth.
It was England's first victory away in New Zealand since 2001 and followed wins against Australia and Canada in the four-team tournament. The Red Roses recovered from 14-7 down after 30 minutes to win a ninth game in a row on Sunday. Emily Scarratt, Abbie Scott, Lydia Thompson, Marlie Packer and Vicky Fleetwood scored the tries. "With analysis we can look at what we have to improve on but we needed to give everything against the best side in the world.  We've done that and so are rightfully very happy and very proud," said head coach Simon Middleton. England are preparing for the Women's Rugby World Cup, which takes place in Ireland and starts in Dublin on Wednesday, 9 August. "We have built through the series and to come out and to put in a performance like that against New Zealand is something we're very pleased and happy about," said England captain Sarah Hunter. "We wanted to stick to our processes, stay patient and that's exactly what we did.  We took everything we've been doing in training onto the pitch.
Pembroke v BreadyBready 219-7 (D Rankin 43, J Magee 41)Pembroke 221-1 (N Cutler 110 no, A Balbirnie 90 no)Pembroke won by nine wicketsWaringstown v ColeraineColeraine 167-7 (D Cooke 71 no)Waringstown 173-2 (J Hall 91 no, J McCollum 51)Waringstown won by eight wicketsThe Hills v DonemanaDonemana 143 (37. 1 overs) (W McClintock 32)The Hills 144-4The Hills won by six wicketsCarrickfergus v CIYMSCarrickfergus 226 (P Botha 63)CIYMS 229-4 (N Jones 112 no)CIYMS won by six wicketsAlthough there is one fixture remaining Muckamore clinched Section A of the Lagan Valley Steels Twenty/20 Cup following a four wicket win over Lisburn.  They are undefeated after four games with 20 points while CSNI have 10, Instonians 8 and Lisburn 2.  The two Section B games were postponed. CSNI defeated Instonians by four wicketsMuckamore had a four wicket home win against LisburnOn Saturday, Challenge Cup holders CSNI were well beaten by CIYMS who join Instonians, Lisburn and Muckamore in the semi-finals. North-West Cup holders Donemana were 3-2 at one stage but rallied to defeat Coleraine. The other semi-finalists are Fox Lodge, Bready and Ballyspallen.
Sistercharlie was second, with Terrakova third. Frankie Dettori managed to navigate Shutter Speed into a good position but she could not reply as Senga found top gear in the home straight. Senga is trained by Pascal Bary and was ridden by 39-year-old Frenchman Stephane Pasquier. Dettori, 46, was competing for the first time since he was thrown from his mount before racing at Great Yarmouth on Tuesday. The Italian, who has ridden 56 winners at Royal Ascot, fell after Tivoli seemed to be startled. This year's Royal Ascot meeting starts on Tuesday.
Daniel Bebb-Jones, 23, was arrested by anti-terror police near an Army reserve centre on Sunday night in possession of knives and an axe. Police say there are not believed to be any links to terrorism. Mr Bebb-Jones, from Merton Close, Kidderminster, will appear before Redditch Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
The 22-year-old was an unused squad member during the 2017 Six Nations, as well as the 2016 autumn internationals. "It's been building as I've been in a few camps now, but to finally get my name called out on that team sheet was an awesome feeling," he said. "I've been champing at the bit these last few camps, training hard. "The Ospreys player comes in to replace Cory Hill, who was called up by the British and Irish Lions following Wales' 24-6 win over Tonga. Coach Robin McBryde has made seven changes in all to the side that started that game at Eden Park last FridayAnother two uncapped players - scrum-half Tomos Williams and lock Adam Beard - are also on the bench. Media playback is not supported on this deviceThornton made 25 appearances for Ospreys in the 2016-17 campaign, but expects a big transition to international rugby. "I've been playing a lot for the Ospreys this year and being involved in the Pro12 and the [European] Challenge Cup has given me quite a bit of experience," the former Wales Under-20s captain told BBC Wales Sport. "But Test rugby is a completely different animal, so I'm really looking forward to the challenge on Friday against a strong Samoan team. "Like every young Welsh boy I want to play for Wales, but when it actually comes round you get that sensation of pride. "Thornton is part of an inexperienced Wales side, with the forwards having won just 31 caps between them. "Samoa have a big experienced pack and we have a couple of young guys here looking to blood themselves on the international stage, so I think it'll be a good challenge overall," Thornton added.
The company said Lancaster's Caton Road substation went offline at 11:00 BST, leaving parts of the city and nearby Morecambe and Carnforth without power. Power supplies resumed at 16:30 BST in the remaining 10,000 properties after 53,000 had theirs restored earlier. The firm said it was not yet known what caused the outage and thanked customers for their "support". A flood at the facility during Storm Desmond in 2015 left 55,000 without power. The outage resulted in travel problems, with many traffic lights not working, and caused disruption to schools, universities and businesses. Lancaster town hall closed while the outage was dealt with.  It later reopened but Lancaster City Council tweeted it "can only deal with basic enquiries". Salt Ayre Leisure Centre in Lancaster was closed and it only accepted cash payments when it reopened. Lancaster University was affected and tweeted wi-fi is available outside the chaplaincy centre, security lodge and information systems services. The university's student union sent a tweet telling students who were facing exams to turn up as usual. St John's Hospice and Lancaster Cathedral both tweeted that power had returned.
England seamer James Anderson, who took 3-5 on the third evening, finished with figures of 4-20 as the Red Rose skittled Hampshire for 168 on day four. The visitors had resumed on 50-5, still trailing by 148, and were unable to make Lancashire bat again. Dane Vilas' 244 had put the home team in control earlier in the match. Alex Davies and Ryan McLaren also chipped in with centuries to give Lancashire a big first-innings lead, but it was their impressive bowling display in Hampshire's second innings that ensured victory. Anderson's 15 overs cost only 20 runs as he tore through the visitors' top order, while McLaren (3-41) and Kyle Jarvis (3-49) did the rest of the damage. England's all-time leading wicket-taker Anderson was playing in his first match after a month out through injury, with his country's first Test of the summer against South Africa starting on 6 July. Gareth Berg, the last Hampshire wicket to fall, top-scored with 49, while James Vince's 29 was the next best individual effort. Lancashire have gone above Hampshire and Yorkshire up to second in Division One, 14 points behind leaders Essex, who beat Warwickshire - also by an innings. England fast bowler James Anderson told BBC Radio Lancashire:"Not many people would have expected Essex and Lancashire to be first and second after seven games but we're in a really strong position and we have a lot of competition for places. "We're not going to get carried away.  We now have a big game against Warwickshire and, if we get a result there, it will put us in a great position before the back end of the summer. "We're better placed to sustain this position but we have to make sure that what happened last year doesn't happen again.  This week was a really good performance but there are still areas on which we can improve. "Al Davies, Dane Vilas and Ryan McLaren got us up to a really good score.  Dane and Ryan are really solid professionals who have been fantastic additions.  And we thought if we could put the ball in the right areas we could really challenge them and take 10 wickets. "Hampshire coach Craig White told BBC Radio Solent:"It was going to be a big ask.  But to fold again on a pretty good pitch is extremely disappointing. "Bergy tried and there was a bit of fight there at the end, but it was too much to ask really. "Anderson bowled beautifully, but the ball's allowed to swing and we should be able to combat that. "It seems that if the ball does swing or seam we get in a bit of trouble.  We need to work on that, improve on that, try and stay positive, and get back on the horse, so to speak.
Police in Madhya Pradesh state told reporters sedition was "hard to prove". The men have been charged with "disturbing communal harmony" instead. They were arrested after their Hindu neighbours complained they had burst firecrackers during the game, which saw Pakistan beat India by 180 runs. Senior police officer RR Parihar said that an additional charge of conspiracy against the men would also remain. "It's difficult to prove the sedition charge.  Moreover, none of them has a criminal background," he told reporters. The accused were sent to jail in the city of Khandwa on Tuesday. Meanwhile, Amnesty International has called for the immediate release of the men, calling the arrests "patently absurd". Sedition is one of the most serious charges under the Indian penal code. People charged with sedition have to surrender their passports, are not eligible for government jobs, must appear in court as and when required, and spend money on legal fees. If found guilty, they could be sent to prison for life. The India Today website quoted police as saying that the men were charged because of the anti-India slogans and not because they were cheering for Pakistan. However family members of the accused have denied the charges against them. "We don't know who burst crackers in support of Pakistan.  All these charges against my son are fabricated," Gulzar Tadwi, the father of one of those arrested, told BBC Hindi. Sikhander, who uses one name, said police had come in the night and taken away his sons without even telling them why.  He also denied that anyone in his house had cheered for Pakistan. This is not the first time Indian Muslims have got into trouble for cheering for the Pakistan cricket team. In 2014, 66 Muslim students from Indian-administered Kashmir were kicked out of their university in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh and charged with disturbing communal harmony. And in 2016, police were sent into a university in Indian-administered Kashmir after clashes between students from the state, the only Muslim majority one in India, and other parts of the country.
Hamilton trails Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel by 12 points heading into this weekend's Azerbaijan Grand Prix. Hamilton said: "Consistency is the key to winning the title and up until now Sebastian has had the consistency of a winning championship. "We have to improve that if we are to have a shot at winning the title. "Hamilton won the last race in Canada but had poor performances in two of the previous three races, finishing fourth in Russia and seventh in Monaco after uncompetitive displays. He was 24 points behind Vettel before Canada, but a dominant performance by the Briton, allied to Vettel suffering damage to his car and having to fight back to fourth, allowed him to cut the deficit in half. "The last race was important for the team and definitely important for me in the fight for the championship," he said. "After all the work that has gone in, [it was] a taste of greatness that we want every weekend.  It pushed us to another level and we are fighting a continued fight for more of those weekends. "Hamilton said he was determined to win this weekend in Baku after a difficult weekend on the street track last year. The Mercedes driver was the fastest by far throughout practice but drove badly in qualifying before crashing and could only finish fifth in the race. "I am here to win in Baku, which is the only race I have not won," Hamilton said. "Last year there were a lot of signs of greatness in terms of pace but I wasn't able to convert it.  I hope this weekend I will be able to do that. "I have looked through what I went through last year here and know where are the pitfalls are and the issues I had then and don't plan on having the same ones this weekend. "But it is a new year and I'm sure there will be scenarios but we are better prepared than we were then. "Hamilton, who is contracted to Mercedes until the end of 2018, also cooled speculation over his future after he was quoted in a magazine interview saying he "could" stop at the end of this year. "I don't even remember discussing that," he said.  "It's not something I'm thinking about right now. "Pushed on whether he wanted to retire at the top, Hamilton said: "The dream for a lot of sportsmen and women is to go out on top. "I guess you could then say a lot of people had stopped before their time. "I haven't decided whether I want to stop before my time.  At the moment, I don't plan to. "And asked whether he would like to drive for Ferrari in the future, he said: "At the moment, all I'm thinking about is beating the Ferrari. "I have made it no secret I am a big fan of Ferrari and what they have achieved.  Who knows what he future holds? At the moment I can't imagine myself being anywhere else than here and I am really enjoying the fight with Ferrari.
The 24-year-old, who turned down the offer of a new Crewe deal, becomes Walsall's second summer signing, following the arrival of fellow 24-year-old Luke Leahy from Falkirk. "Jon has got plenty of experience of League One from his time with Crewe," said Walsall manager Jon Whitney. "We'll be getting Jon at a good stage of his career. "Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The traditional Tuesday and Wednesday slot used by Uefa will be set aside as the first leg coincides with the 'Twelfth' marches in Northern Ireland. It's understood the new date has been agreed by the clubs and approved by the Police Service of Northern Ireland. Linfield must first defeat La Fiorita of San Marino in a first-round clash. The Northern Ireland champions will host La Fiorita in Belfast on 28 June, with the return leg on 4 July. If the Blues progress they will play the 1967 European Cup winners, who are managed by County Antrim-born Brendan Rodgers, for the first time. The first leg of the Champions League second round qualifiers are scheduled to take place on 11/12 July. However they are key dates in the annual Orange celebrations, sparking fears of trouble with Celtic's large travelling support heading to Belfast at the height of the marching season. Linfield's national stadium is located in the largely loyalist Sandy Row area. Police are understood to have ruled out the match taking place on either the 11th or 12th amid concerns tensions could erupt between Celtic and Linfield fans. A possible solution to the dilemma would have been to switch the ties, with Celtic hosting the opener in Glasgow before the return a week later. Linfield dismissed that possibility as they look to cash in on the right to host the all-important first leg, Blues chairman Roy McGivern telling BBC Sport a home leg first was always "the preferred choice" of the Irish Premiership champions. Celtic defeated Irish League opposition in Belfast four years ago with a 3-0 win over Cliftonville in a Champions League qualifier.
However, she said there were "many, many other questions" about Brexit and there was "still a lot to do". The UK proposal was unveiled by Prime Minister Theresa May at an EU summit in Brussels on Thursday. It would grant EU migrants who had lived in the UK for five years a new "UK settled status". That would allow them to stay in the country and access health, education and other benefits. The plan would affect 3. 2 million EU citizens now living in the UK.Their rights - and the rights of UK citizens living in the rest of the EU - are among the thorny issues that have to be resolved early on in Brexit talks, along with the UK's divorce bill and the Northern Ireland border. "Theresa May made clear today that EU citizens who have been in Great Britain for five years can keep their full rights.  That's a good start," said Mrs Merkel at the end of Thursday's talks. "But of course there are many, many other questions about Brexit - about finances, about the relationship with Ireland - which means we still have a lot to do until October. "She insisted that Brexit was not the focus of the summit - the UK's split from the EU is being negotiated separately. "For me the shaping of the future of the 27 is a priority coming before the issue of the negotiations with Britain on the exit," she added. Before Mrs May's offer, the EU proposed that EU citizens in the UK and the estimated 1. 2 million Britons living in EU countries should continue enjoying the same rights, enforceable by the European Court of Justice (ECJ). At the summit, the PM sought to reassure the 27 other EU states, saying the UK "does not want anyone here to have to leave, nor does it want families to be split up". "No-one will face a cliff edge," she said. The UK stunned the EU when it voted to end its membership in a referendum a year ago on Friday.  The exit deadline is 30 March 2019. The summit's final day is to focus on migration, security and economic issues. Counter-terrorism has been a key issue at the summit which comes in the wake of an attack in Brussels on Tuesday. Several EU states have been attacked in recent weeks, including the UK, France and Sweden, and Mrs May said that an attack against any member state was an attack on all. Both sides would like to get the issue of citizens' rights wrapped up as soon as possible - it would be good for morale to get an early win, and they have more difficult issues to tackle. But while there is a sense that progress can be made, there are still some tricky technical questions to deal with. Which rights will be extended to immediate family members living elsewhere - to children in particular? And who will guarantee citizens' rights in the event of any legal dispute? The EU has already insisted that the European Court of Justice should be involved; the UK insists that British courts should uphold the deal. It is also not clear what the cut-off date should be for citizens to qualify for any offer that is agreed.  The UK proposal suggests a date between March 2017 and March 2019 - although it is highly unlikely that the EU would be willing to accept a date that has already passed. From an EU perspective, what we've heard so far from the UK side remains rather vague.  EU negotiators will want to see the details of this proposal which are only due to be made public next Monday.
The 27-year-old is the first player to join the club since Thomas Christiansen was appointed head coach last week. The Poland international has previously had spells in his homeland and Germany. Klich told the club website: "I'm excited to come to England and test myself in the Championship and I can't wait to get going. "Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Arsenal will play Chelsea on 6 August at Wembley Stadium, and £1. 25m could be raised from the match. Football Association chairman Greg Clarke said: "We hope that in some small way through the Community Shield we can help. "Football is for all, and we hope it can in its own way give something back to those who are most in need. "The EFL said it would also be donating £175,000, with member clubs contributing their share of proceeds from the match. Chief executive Shaun Harvey said football was "coming together to make a significant commitment to the cause". Premier League clubs have agreed to contribute a total of £250,000. "The thoughts of everyone at the league and our clubs are with the people affected by this terrible event," a statement read. Seventy-nine people are missing or presumed dead after the blaze destroyed 150 homes in the Kensington tower block on 14 June. Survivors, the families of the victims and emergency services personnel will be invited to the game as guests.
The 25-year-old has been with Carlisle since 2008, making 160 appearances for the club and turned down a new deal to join the Saddlers. "We knew he was after a new challenge.  He can come in and be a dominant number one for us," Walsall manager Jon Whitney told the club website. Meanwhile, 22-year-old goalkeeper Liam Roberts has agreed a new one-year deal. The contract signed by former Chester loanee Roberts, who has made one senior appearance for Walsall, includes the option of a further year in the League One club's favour. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
But every so often, a family walks by carrying bags and suitcases, not quite sure where they will be living in the next few weeks. Urged to evacuate the nearby tower blocks overnight, they have come to the centre after a chaotic night of mixed messages in a bid to get their questions answered. "Why can't they stay in their flats? Where will they be moved to? And how long will it take for life to get back to normal?"Those questions and dozens of others are being asked by the residents of 650 flats in Camden who were evacuated at short notice from their homes over fire safety concerns, following the Grenfell Tower blaze nine days earlier. The local council says it will remove external thermal cladding from five tower blocks on the Chalcots estate - and that, after taking advice from the fire service, it had no option but to ask the residents of four of those blocks to move out temporarily. Many occupants feel like the evacuation is an overreaction and firmly believe they could stay in their flats while the remedial work takes place. Laura Mulcahy, 29, is holding a sheet that confirms she has registered her grandparents, Eileen, 71, and William, 75, to be rehoused from the Dorney block. "It's a joke," she says.  "No-one knows what is going on.  My grandad is still in there.  They've told us to go back and get grandad.  People are still in the block. "Eileen adds: "I don't want to be sent miles away.  I feel like I might have a heart attack.  My husband can't cope.  He kept heaving all night because of the stress. "Through the window of the leisure centre, staff in high visibility jackets hold mobile phones to their ears and tap away on laptops trying to book hotel rooms or any other available temporary accommodation for the residents. Several of those evacuated from their homes at short notice had to spend the night here, sleeping on mattresses. Some locals decided to take matters into their own hands and instead stayed with relatives rather than on a gym floor. Giulia Mummolo, 24, who lives on the 16th floor of the Taplow Tower, came back to her block to pack some belongings after staying with a friend. She has already found herself a new place to live after making the decision to move out of her block following the Grenfell Tower blaze. Cladding fire tests failed by 27 blocksResidents react: 'I'm angry''Evacuation the right decision'She says: "It's not very pleasant.  The only thing is I wasn't feeling safe in the building.  I think it's a shame that only now things are happening. "These buildings should not be built.  It's all been very confusing.  We found out about the evacuation from an article.  No-one called me. "I've already found a place to live so I've just got to speed up the process.  After the fire at Grenfell I didn't feel safe.  On the 16th floor, what can you do?"Even if they make the changes there's not much they can do in four weeks. "The playground remains busy with parents and children - who have had their Saturday swimming lessons cancelled at the centre - enjoying the outdoor facilities. Every so often, a resident walks past with a suitcase after finally securing some accommodation in a B&B, vacant apartment or hotel. But several refuse to be moved out of their tower blocks. Rosie Turner, 27, walks out of the leisure centre carrying her nine-week-old baby, AJ, after staying the night in her 14th floor flat in Taplow Tower. "I came home yesterday and was told I had to evacuate.  I came to the centre to register and they told me I would have to stay on an air bed," she says. "It's not right.  AJ hasn't had one needle and how am I meant to sterilise his bottles?""I'm willing to take the risk than stay in there.  They've told me to go to the Docklands but how am I supposed to get to and from there?"I'm still in the house and I'm not going unless they put me somewhere local. "Izac Tsai, 26, who lives on the fourth floor of the Dorney Tower, is waiting outside the leisure centre after being told he will receive a call once staff have found him alternative accommodation. He says he received conflicting messages on Friday night from security guards over whether or not he could stay in his flat. "They came knocking and advised us that we should leave but it was not forced. "At the same time they're trying to shake responsibility.  They're saying if you stay and there's an accident it's your problem, not ours. "I'm staying in my flat until I get clear instructions about when to leave and how.  I will wait around until I'm told where to go.  I feel in limbo.
It is the second time the hooker has skippered the Lions during the tour, having led them to a win over the Chiefs. Coach Warren Gatland made the decision after the Lions lost the opening Test against New Zealand 30-15 on Saturday. The second Test against the All Blacks is on Saturday, 1 July. "We are obviously hugely disappointed with the result but it is important to regroup," said Gatland. "We know there are a lot of players motivated to go out and get a result for the whole group. "A few players put their hands up for selection from the Chiefs game and played their way into the Test team so they know that there is another opportunity for them on Tuesday against the Super Rugby champions. "Wing George North and centre Jonathan Joseph will both start against the Hurricanes, while Jack Nowell is at full-back. Lock George Kruis is on the bench having played the whole 80 minutes of the first Test against New Zealand. The All Blacks have released Julian Savea, Jordie Barrett and Ngani Laumape back to the Hurricanes for the game, while Nehe Milner-Skudder also starts. British and Irish Lions: Jack Nowell (England), Tommy Seymour (Scotland), Jonathan Joseph (England), Robbie Henshaw (Ireland), George North (Wales), Dan Biggar (Wales), Greig Laidlaw (Scotland), Joe Marler (England), Rory Best (Ireland, captain), Dan Cole (England), Iain Henderson (Ireland), Courtney Lawes (England), James Haskell (England), Justin Tipuric (Wales), CJ Stander (Ireland). Replacements: Kristian Dacey (Wales), Alan Dell (Scotland), Tomas Francis (Wales), Cory Hill (Wales), George Kruis (England), Gareth Davies (Wales), Finn Russell (Scotland), Jared Payne (Ireland). Hurricanes: Jordie Barrett, Nehe Milner-Skudder, Vince Aso, Ngani Laumape, Julian Savea, Otere Black, Te Toiroa-Tahuriorangi, Ben May, Ricky Ricitelli, Jeffrey To'omaga-Allen, Mark Abbott, Sam Lousi, Vaea Fifita, Callum Gibbins, Brad Shields (captain). Replacements: Leni Apisai, Chris Eves, Mike Kainga, James Blackwell, Reed Prinsep, Kemara Hauiti-Parapara, Wes Goosen, Cory Jane.
Eid al-Fitr means: 'festival of the breaking of the fast' and it is one of the biggest celebrations in the Islamic year. The date Eid falls on is decided by the cycle of the moon, and this year it's on Sunday evening. On the day of Eid al-Fitr, Ramadan ends and Muslims often celebrate by praying, giving gifts and having a big feast with family and friends. Thank you for your comments - this page is now closed. I am going to my cousin's and enjoying Eid with lovely clothes and tasty food!Amaya, 10, BucksWe are going to our friends house and having a nice dinner!Emilia, 10, BraknellI will be going to my family and friends house to celebrate Eid, it will be so fun, and I will be wearing a lovely dress. Husna, 9, DerbyI'm going to visit my family and friends where we're going to have an eid party and eat lots of delicious food!Amna, 12, BurnleyI am celebrating Eid with my Family and including my Granny and Grandad I am going to eat yummy food a play with my cousins! - I wish everyone a Happy Eid! Eid Mubarak!Abdul-Rafay, 10, LondonAslam Alaikum! On Eid I am going to go out and spend time with my family. Anayah, 6, LondonI'm spending my time with my family and I can't wait to eat all the food that has been prepared for me. Zainab, 10, LondonEid Mubarak! Eid is such a wonderful festival for muslims and everyone else and today me and my family will be celebrating with our relatives and we will be eating lots of yummy asian food. Nayim, 11, LondonOn Eid I am going out with my family, I making a lot of money and it is going to be really fun. Aisha, 12, LondonEid Mubarak! We are celebrating Eid with all our family by dressing in our lovely clothes and eating lots of yummy food!Aneesa, 8, StockportMy family and I are going to go to my cousins' houses, where will give presents and receive some, we are going to eat asian food.  I can't wait!!Tasnim, 11, LondonI am celebrating with my Daddima.  I am not sure what I'll be eating but I will be happy celebrating with my Daddy and the rest of my family.
The motorist was stopped on the MI8 on his way to work at about 13. 30 BST, tweeted Humberside Police.  The tweet said: "He wasn't late but he is now. . . "In a later tweet the force said the driver had not got an immediate ban but had been reported to the courts. The motorway runs from the M1 near Rotherham, South Yorkshire, to the M62 near Goole, East Yorkshire. Tougher punishments for the most serious speeding offences came into force in England and Wales in April. Under new guidelines, fines for drivers caught doing 51mph in a 30mph zone or 101mph on a motorway will start from 150% of weekly income, rather than the previous level of 100%. In 2015 244 people were killed in crashes that occurred when a driver was breaking the speed limit on Britain's roads.
The African champions let in goals from Kerem Demirbay and Timo Werner, who netted twice, while Vincent Aboubakar grabbed a consolation goal for them. The Indomitable Lions also had Ernest Mabouka sent off after confusion involving the Video Assistant Referee. Sebastien Siani was initially dismissed in a case of mistaken identity before the error was corrected. Colombian referee Wilmar Roldan consulted the VAR after a high challenge by Mabouka on Germany's Emre Can led to Cameroon captain Siani wrongfully receiving a yellow card. However, the initial outcome was to switch the colour of Siani's card to red. It was only after Cameroon's players insisted he review the incident again that he realised his error, rescinded Siani's dismissal and sending off the correct culprit Mabouka. "The referee didn't give any explanation," said Cameroon coach Hugo Broos. "First of all he gave a red card against Siani, then the video ref called him back and told him it was the wrong player, so Mabouka was sent off. "Both players [Can and Mabouka] had their legs high, so I don't see why he had to give a red card.  I think everyone is confused"I didn't understand it and I still don't understand it now. "I think this is something for the referee.  He and he alone can explain what happened in that incident. "As Group B winners, Germany will face Mexico in the last four in Sochi, Russia. Portugal will play Chile in the other semi-final.
The game came to life in the second quarter with Tom Grambusch and Marco Miltkau netting for the hosts. Ireland hit back quickly through Shane O'Donoghue's close-range finish and Alan Southern swept into the German net to level on 30 minutes. Eugene Magee finished a fine team move to make it 3-2 before Sean Murray tapped in to seal victory. There was very little to differentiate the two sides in the opening half and the teams went in level at half-time. Grambusch got the scoreboard ticking in the 19th minute with a fine drag flick to David Harte's left. Moments later Moritz Trompertz forced a turnover and sent a reverse shot towards goal for Marco Miltkau to get the faintest of touches to take it past Harte. But 30 seconds later O'Donoghue brought Ireland back into it as he deflected in a shot from close range to leave Tobias Walter with no chance. Murray did well as he drew Walter before releasing the pass to Sothern on the penalty spot, who slotted into an open goal to equalise. Magee put Ireland in front in the 34th minute with a phenomenal goal that started with Paul Gleghorne rifling the ball into the sky for O'Donoghue to snatch at pace and fire across the circle to Magee. Germany continued to rack up the chances and had no fewer than six penalty corners but their shots went either wide or were calmly dealt with by the Green Machine defence. The game was put to bed by Murray two minutes after Germany had taken off their goalkeeper as he tapped into an open goal. Ireland opened the tournament with a 4-1 win over Spain before hammering Austria 7-2 on Friday. Germany: T Walter, M Muller, L Windfeder, M Trompertz, T Herzbruch, JP Rabente, T Grambusch, C Ruhr, M Zwicker (Captain), B Furk, N Wellen. Subs: J Gomoll, TO Prinz, DE Linnekogel, M Miltkao, J Meyer, F Weinke, M Appel. Ireland: D Harte, J Jackson, J Bell (Captain), C Cargo, A Sothern, E Magee, S O'Donoghue, J McKee, P Gleghorne, S Loughrey, S Cole. Subs: J Carr, M Bell, M Nelson, N Glassey, S Murray, J Duncan, L Cole.
The League One club have also signed Norwich City midfielder Ebou Adams on loan until January. Adams, 21, signed from non-league Dartford in February 2016, will be making his second loan move from Carrow Road, having had a brief three-game stint with Braintree last season. Jules, 20, did not play a first-team game for the Royals. But he did make 10 Scottish Premiership appearances for Motherwell during a loan spell last season, and he was a member of the Scotland Under-20 squad that finished third at the recent Toulon tournament. Shrewsbury have now made five summer signings, having previously brought in strikers Lenell John-Lewis and Arthur Gnahoua and midfielder Jon Nolan. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
In a tactical race, 24-year-old English held off European Indoor silver medallist Andreas Bube of Denmark to win in 1:49. 02. Dublin runner Brian Gregan won the 400m while City of Lisburn club's Amy Foster was second in the 100m in 11. 70. Ireland's eighth place in Vaasa meant they were 20th overall in Europe. That is their lowest placing in the biannual event since 2011. The League One event was won by Sweden who were promoted to the Super League alongside hosts Finland and Switzerland.
The Latvia international, 24, made just three appearances in all competitions last season for the Royals in an injury-affected campaign. He could make his competitive debut for Lech in their Europa League qualifier against Macedonian club Pelister on Thursday. Rakels joined Reading in January 2016 from Polish club Cracovia. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Sheffield City Council said the cladding at Hanover House was not made of the solid aluminium panels ordered. The issue was spotted during fire safety tests carried out in the wake of the Grenfell Tower blaze. Councillor Jayne Dunn said: "We will not stop until we get to the bottom of what happened. "More stories from across YorkshireThe council announced on Monday that a single element of the cladding system, added to the 16-storey tower block during a recent refurbishment, had failed new fire tests. Hanover House resident and tenants association member John Cawthorne said: "I personally feel betrayed. "Ms Dunn, cabinet member for neighbourhoods and community safety, said the issue had been discovered following independent testing of the cladding at the council's 24 tower blocks. She said testing had been carried out despite paperwork stating "there was absolutely no cladding apart from aluminium on our buildings". "It's only when you cut in to it that you can see the layers," she continued. "I can guarantee you that we will not stop until we get to the bottom of it because they took a piece of cladding to the tenants at a consultation and they didn't put that up. "That was the cladding that we asked for.  That was the cladding that we were told was on the building. "Mr Cawthorne said: "The Tenants Association were given samples, which I kept for eight years, and those samples are 3mm aluminium sheet. "That's what the council asked to be put on this building, but that's not what was discovered on this building when the tests were carried out. "People are angry and I personally feel betrayed. "Tests are being carried out on high rises across England in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire in London on 14 June, in which at least 79 people died. So far 75 UK blocks have failed fire safety tests in 26 areas.
Professional Darts Corporation chief executive Porter landed the same role with the O's under Barry Hearn in 2006. The 37-year-old left the National League side in October 2014, following Francesco Becchetti's takeover. "This is a time for us to look to the future and there's a great buzz around the place," he told the club website. "Everyone knows how difficult things have been and that cloud has now been lifted.
The highly symbolic visit, Mr Xi's first since becoming leader in 2012, comes amid an increasingly tense political climate. Official celebrations are planned, as well as large protests from pro-democracy and pro-Beijing camps. Several well-known activists were arrested on the eve of Mr Xi's arrival. The group, which included student leader Joshua Wong, had staged a protest at an iconic sculpture symbolising the handover. The golden sculpture of a bauhinia flower - Hong Kong's emblem - by the city's harbour was a gift from China. Mr Xi arrived for the three-day visit with his wife Peng Liyuan at the city's main Chek Lap Kok airport.  The couple were welcomed by a marching band and children waving flags. In a brief speech on the tarmac, he said Hong Kong was "always in my heart". Beijing's central government "has always been a strong backer of Hong Kong" and "will, as always, support Hong Kong's economic development and improvement of people's lives". He also said Beijing was "willing to work with all sectors of Hong Kong's society in maintaining Hong Kong's extraordinary journey these past 20 years", and would "ensure 'one country, two systems' will continue with stability". The city was handed back from British to Chinese rule in 1997. Beijing agreed to govern it under "one country, two systems", granting the city its own legal system, limited democracy with multiple political parties, and rights like freedom of assembly and free speech. But China's growing influence has been met with unease and concerns that the mainland could undermine Hong Kong's more politically liberal traditions. Activists have been campaigning for years for Hong Kong to have more political freedom. A series of official celebrations are planned for this weekend, as well as the inauguration of Hong Kong's incoming chief executive Carrie Lam. But parts of Hong Kong are under a tight security lockdown amid worries of further protests, with several major roads closed and sections of the city centre blocked off from the public. Thousands of police officers are being deployed across the city and along the route Mr Xi's motorcade will take when it enters the city. When former president Hu Jintao visited for the 15-year celebrations in 2012, he was met with hundreds of thousands of protesters, marching against what they saw as Beijing's stifling influence on political reform in the city. Tensions spilled over into mass protests in the city centre in September 2014, with calls for full democracy and the resignation of then-Chief Executive CY Leung.
The "surprising find" in Avebury, which is 30m (98ft) wide, is thought to be one of the site's earliest structures. The square of megaliths appears to have been erected around the remains of a Neolithic house, which sat at the centre of the colossal stone circle -  the largest in Europe. Archaeologists have hailed the discovery "unheard of". For more archaeological digs and historical findings from around England follow our Pinterest boardDr Mark Gillings, from the University of Leicester, said in their "wildest dreams" they had not been expecting to find what he has described as a "stone square circle". The discovery comes 80 years after the archaeologist and marmalade magnate, Alexander Keiller, discovered a line of standing stones near the 6m (19ft) upright stone known as the obelisk. The vast 330m (1,082ft) wide stone circle of Avebury was built between about 2850 BC and 2200 BC.Containing three stone circles and boasting 100 huge standing stones originally, it has been the subject of considerable archaeological interest since the 17th century. The discovery of previously unknown megaliths inside the monument has been greeted as a "great surprise". "We have detected and mapped a series of prehistoric standing stones that were subsequently hidden and buried," Dr Gillings said. "Together, these reveal a striking and apparently unique square megalithic monument within the Avebury circles that has the potential to be one of the very earliest structures on this remarkable site. "Dr Joshua Pollard, from the University of Southampton, said their geophysical survey had "finally completed" Keiller's work. "It has shown the line of stones he identified was one side of a square of megaliths about 30m across and enclosing the obelisk," he said. "Megalithic circles are well known from the time when Avebury was built, but square megalithic settings of this scale and complexity are unheard of. "The archaeologists think the stone square might commemorate and monumentalise the "ancestral house of the first people who lived in Avebury". If proved correct, it may help to explain why the Avebury monument complex was built.
Weston played 19 league and cup games for the Chairboys last season after signing from Southend in June 2016. The 29-year-old has made 327 career Football League appearances, having also played for Charlton, Brentford, Gillingham and Notts County. He is Ebbsfleet's fourth signing since winning promotion from the National League South last season. Details of the length of Weston's contract have not been disclosed.
But more than 400 years on, it has become a sticking point in the Stormont talks. In response to demands for an Irish language act, the Democratic Unionist party is understood to want more formal protection for Ulster-Scots too. But what form would that take and what do Ulster-Scots speakers want?According to the 2011 census, 8% of Northern Ireland's population claim some knowledge of Ulster-Scots - just over 140,000 people. That included 13% of Protestants and 3% of Catholics. By contrast, more than 179,000 people claimed to have some knowledge of Irish. The former Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure published proposals for an Irish language act in 2015. However, in the same year the department published a strategy to enhance and develop the Ulster-Scots language, heritage and culture up until the year 2035. Although a strategy is not legislation, that document gives some pointers about what form any enhanced status for Ulster-Scots may mean. It included these proposals:Those were all important for Ulster-Scots enthusiasts at the Ullans centre in Ballymoney, County Antrim - a hub for the Ulster-Scots language, music, dance and history. But more money is also a big issue, according to Louise Morrow who teaches classes in Ulster-Scots. "Equality of funding is a big thing for me," she said. "The Irish language does get more funding and is more recognised than the Ulster-Scots language. "We would also like to see more Ulster-Scots townland names being recognised. "Ulster-Scots is forgotten about in some ways I feel. "For fellow volunteer Johnny Crawford, more education is vital. "We'd like to see more provision in schools and more curriculum-based Ulster-Scots," he said. "It's also mostly primary school driven, as there isn't a lot of resources for post-primary pupils. "The Ullans centre is also home to Northern Ireland's only dedicated Ulster-Scots radio station, Fuse FM.One of its presenters, Liam Logan, says any legislation or strategy to protect and promote Ulster-Scots can be introduced gradually. "At the bottom of it is that notion of education, so people have an idea of their Ulster-Scots linguistic heritage," he said. "And a wee bit of respect that says just because you speak in an Ulster-Scots way, it doesn't mean you're stupid. "So while the talking goes on at Stormont - and like their counterparts who speak Irish - Ulster-Scots enthusiasts say they want action and not just words. And according to fluent Ulster-Scots speaker Jack Kyle, from Ballymoney, the stakes are high. "I was born here, my father was born here and my mum and my grandparents," he said. "People around here still speak Ulster-Scots like they did. "We just don't want to see it dying out.
She had just given birth to their first son Dylan. But rather than congratulations, she was told: "We're sorry, your son has Down's syndrome. "With her background in nursing and her husband's as a doctor, the couple had some knowledge of the condition. But it still did not prepare them for the negative information that came flooding their way. "No-one spells out all the things that could possibly go wrong for a child when they're born," she said. "But when you have a child with a disability, with Down's syndrome, they tell you the average life expectancy is 50; they won't go to mainstream school; they won't do this and that. "They just say all the negatives. "Fourteen years later and Dylan has defied those initial expectations. He is flourishing in year 9 at mainstream school and has made the Down's Syndrome GB swimming squad. But that initial lack of support led to his mother and two other mothers of children with Down's syndrome to take matters into their own hands. When Dylan was a toddler, a health visitor introduced his mother to Katharina Barker and Nicky Williams. Both women also had babies with Down's syndrome. And all three discovered they had shared similar experiences in terms of a lack of support for people with Down's syndrome and their families. Katharina said although she had had a "very positive, supportive" experience with the birth of her daughter Amelie, she quickly struggled to find specialist support. "One of the things I found hugely frustrating, unless you are pointed in the right direction you are not going to find services, they are not coming to you," she said. They decided to host a coffee morning for parents with children with Down's syndrome to make friends and share experiences. The success of it led to the trio setting up a charity and the support it offers includes speech and language therapy, school help and annual education conferences. Although Nicky has since stepped down from the Monmouth-based 21 Plus charity, which is celebrating its 10th anniversary, Victoria and Katharina are determined to expand its reach as much as possible. And their hard work and dedication led to them becoming finalists in the national St David Awards citizenship category. They want to continue helping children with Down's syndrome "achieve their potential and increase access to opportunities". "One of the mums said to me yesterday that one thing she loves is being able to ask any question, even if it sounds daft and she wouldn't have the nerve to ask anyone else, she can ask us," Victoria said. "I guess that's why I do it.  I don't want any of our families to think, 'I wish I'd known aboutâ€¦'  or 'I wish I'd known that earlier'. ""I believe in expert parents and I want to make it possible for our families to become experts if that's what they want. "Katharina added: "We want to give children the chance to access schooling, to access learning and to access the world. "The greatest thing is to see the children grow up, to see them developing and how well they're doing. "It makes it so worthwhile, it's wonderful.
The Transforming British Tennis Together initiative aims to make the sport more accessible. Over the next 10 years, it will raise the number of covered and floodlit courts by 50%, refurbish facilities and make courts easier to book online. The LTA's Alastair Marks said: "We're focused on getting the next generation of players on court and having fun. "Get Inspired: LTA's £250m for better tennis accessThe governing body will invest £125m to improve existing community facilities and is hoping to source a further £125m through matched funding. Only 7% of Britain's 23,000 courts have covers and one in seven park courts have floodlights. With the new funding, the LTA aims to deliver:The initiative has been tried out on a trial basis in 10 towns and cities, including Sheffield, where £1. 5m was invested and has increased the number of people playing tennis by 54% over the last three years. Marks, participation director at the LTA, added: "There's never been a better time to invest in making our tennis courts the social hubs of their communities once again. "Clubs and communities can register their interest in bidding for the funding here.
Mae Arfon Roberts yn cyflogi wyth o bobl yn ei garej Bryn Eira ar gyrion y pentref. Wrth siarad gyda'r Post Cynta ar BBC Radio Cymru, mae'n honni y bydd y system unffordd fydd yn cael ei defnyddio i reoli traffig yn ystod yr wythnos yn golygu na fydd faniau yn gallu dod a chydrannau ceir i'w garej, ac y bydd hynny'n arwain at golledion ariannol iddo. Ond dywed yr Eisteddfod Genedlaethol fod y cynllun rheoli trafnidiaeth y cytunwyd arno ar y cyd efo'r gwasanaethau brys a'r cyngor sir, a bod swyddogion wedi ymweld â Mr Roberts i drafod y sefyllfa. Dywedodd Mr Roberts: "Dani heb glywed llawer o ddim byd gan y Steddfod. "Mae'r penderfyniadau i gyd wedi cael ei gwneud yn barod am y one way system. "Does 'na neb yn y pentre yn gwybod dim byd, dani'n gofyn i bobl beth sy'n digwydd a tyda ni ddim yn cael ateb straight gan neb.  Fyddai'n colli miloedd wythnos yma. "Fedar y fania partiau ddim dod i fewn, fedar y cwsmeriaid ddim dod i fewn.  Dwi byth eisiau gweld y Steddfod yn dod yma eto," meddai. Dywedodd llefarydd ar ran yr Eisteddfod fod eu swyddogion hwy ynghyd â Chyngor sir Ynys Môn a'r gwasanaethau brys wedi trafod a chytuno ar gynllun rheoli trafnidiaeth ar gyfer y brifwyl gyda'r bwriad o osgoi tagfeydd a hwyluso'r trigolion. "Rydym yn ymwybodol y bydd yna effaith ar rai cartrefi a busnesau ac rydym wedi ymweld â phob cartref a busnes i egluro'r sefyllfa a bod yr ymateb wedi bod yn gadarnhaol a chefnogol. "Mae'r Eisteddfod, yr heddlu a chynrychiolydd ac adran Briffyrdd y cyngor wedi ymweld â Mr Roberts ac mae'r Eisteddfod dal mewn cysylltiad ag o, ac rydan ni hefyd wedi cysylltu hefo'r cwmnïau sy'n cyflenwi Mr Roberts i drafod hwyluso pethau iddyn nhw yn ystod yr wythnos". Bydd Eisteddfod Genedlaethol Ynys Môn yn cael ei chynnal rhwng 5-12 o Awst.
As Mayo produced woeful shooting and Derry keeper Ben McKinless made several great saves, the visitors led by two with two minutes of normal time left. But a Conor Loftus goal enabled Mayo to lead by three only for Mark Lynch's fisted goal to force extra-time. However, Jason Doherty's goal helped Mayo take control early in extra time. James Kielt had a penalty chance, which if converted, would have cut Mayo's lead but home keeper David Clarke was able to make a comfortable save. Mayo's Patrick Durcan was sent off for an apparent off-the-ball strike late in the first period of extra time but they were still seven clear heading into the final 10 minutes of action and Derry were unable to summon up further resolve. After a rather insipid Ulster SFC display against Tyrone, Derry regrouped to beat Waterford two weeks ago and their commitment in Castlebar was total. The Oak Leafers looked the likely winners for most of normal time as Mayo's old failing of missed chances looked set to finally signal the end for this band of western warriors. Substitute Loftus' last-gasp 1-1 appeared to have snatched victory for Mayo in normal time only for Lynch's goal to level matters and Kielt then had a difficult free chance to seal a Derry triumph only for his effort to miss the target. Once Derry got into their stride, they set about cancelling out the early lead Mayo had established through Cillian O'Connor and Andy Moran. Derry grew in confidence as the game progressed, taking on their opponents with pace on the flanks and quick movement of the ball, while keeping things tight at the back. Niall Loughlin got them moving with a couple of scores, and it was Benny Heron who charged through the middle to fire over an inspirational lead point in the 16th minute. Skipper Enda Lynn provided the pass for Ryan Bell to shoot them two ahead, and the home side went 10 minutes without a score, before O'Connor converted his second free. Mayo almost had a goal when McKinless pushed a Moran effort on to a post, and denied O'Connor from the rebound, but Derry were also denied by goalkeeper David Clarke, who denied Carlus McWilliams, before the ball cannoned off a defender and on to a post. The Ulster men lost midfielder Conor McAtamney to a black card just before the break, but thanks to a fourth score from Loughlin, they turned around with a narrow 0-8 to 0-7 lead. Derry defended heroically through the second half with McKinless pulling off two more tremendous saves. Kielt had just eased them two ahead when Mayo got the goal they so desperately needed, substitute Loftus smashing the ball to the net with just two minutes to play. But the Oak Leafers refused to surrender, and pulled back the equalising goal through substitute Mark Lynch to tit it up at 1-12 each and send the tie to extra-time. Another substitute Jason Doherty banged in a second Mayo goal, and then it was the turn of their goalkeeper David Clarke to perform heroics with a penalty save from Kielt. Despite the loss of Patrick Durcan to a straight red card, they turned around with a seven points advantage, 2-17 to 1-13, O'Connor having brought his tally to ten points, including a first from play. And they pushed the gap out to 11 points with points from O'Connor, who finished with 12, Doherty and Diarmuid O'Connor. Derry's Chrissy McKaigue: "It's been a very difficult year.  We have a very small squad because of a number of players are unavailable for various reasons. "All you can ask if that everybody empties the task and I think we did that today.  On another day, we must have snuck it. "Defeat is always supposed to be devastating and it was definitely devastating today.
The 27-year-old has made 73 appearances for Blues since joining in 2013 but spent the past 18 months out on loan. Last season, the once-capped Scotland international helped Hibernian win promotion to the Scottish Premiership, scoring three goals in 32 games. "To get him for Luton is a real coup for the football club," Hatters boss Nathan Jones told the club website. "We lost a wonderful player in Cameron McGeehan [to Barnsley] and what he does is difficult to replace, but we have brought in a different Championship-quality player and we are delighted. "Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Marcel Kittel o'r Almaen oedd y cyntaf i gyrraedd y llinell derfyn yn Liege, gyda Thomas yn seithfed. Mewn glaw trwm ac amgylchiadau anodd, cafodd Thomas a phencampwr y llynedd, Chris Froome, hefyd o Team Sky, ddamwain ar hyd y daith, ond llwyddodd Thomas i gyrraedd y terfyn yn ddianaf. Ond Geraint Thomas sy'n parhau ar frig y tabl ar sail amser. Dywedodd Geraint Thomas fod y profiad o ddod yn fuddugol yn y ras yn erbyn y cloc ddydd Sadwrn yn anghredadwy, a diolchodd i'w gefnogwyr am eu dymuniadau da. Bydd y trydydd cymal yn dechrau yn Verviers yng Ngwlad Belg ddydd Llun, ac yn croesi'r ffin i Ffrainc cyn gorffen yn Longwy. Tabl y Tour de France wedi dau gymal1.  Geraint Thomas (Prydain/Team Sky)     -  4:53:10"2.  Stefan Kueng (Swisdir/BMC Racing)     -  +5 eiliad3.  Marcel Kittel (Yr Almaen/Quick-Step)   -  +6 eiliad4.  Vasil Kiryienka (Belarws/Team Sky)       -   +7 eiliad5.   Matteo Trentin (Yr Eidal/Quick-Step)   -  +10 eiliad6.   Chris Froome (Prydain/Team Sky)        -  +12 eiliadGallwch wylio uchafbwyntiau'r Tour de France ar S4C yn ddyddiol.
An airport spokesman said the runway had been closed for two periods on Sunday - of nine and five minutes - after the drone was sighted. Easyjet said four of its flights were diverted, while British Airways said one aircraft was diverted to Bournemouth. Other flights were put into holding patterns as a precaution. Sussex Police is investigating. The airport said: "Runway operations at Gatwick were suspended between 18:10 BST and 18:19, and again from 18:36 to 18:41, resulting in a small number of go-arounds and diverts. "12,500 ftHighest near miss, over Heathrow in February 2016400ftMaximum height drones should fly50 metres Closest drones are allowed to anyone or anything70 Near misses involving drones in 2016, more than double the year beforeCraig Jenkins, who was flying with Easyjet from Naples, Italy, said: "We were crossing over the Channel and it [the plane] started circling. "It did four or five circles. . .  before the captain said we were landing at Stansted. "First, they said Gatwick was closed because of an incident.  Shortly after, they said it was a drone. "Mr Jenkins, from Greenwich, south-east London, said passengers were given the choice of disembarking at Stansted or waiting an hour to fly back to Gatwick. Niamh Slatter, from Sussex, was flying from Valencia, Spain, when her BA flight was diverted to Bournemouth. "We were due to land 15 minutes early, but ended up circling over the south coast," she said. "Our attempted landing at Gatwick was aborted quite late as the drone had been spotted again, so we were told that the flight was being diverted to Bournemouth. "Easyjet apologised for the inconvenience, saying the circumstances were "outside" of the firm's control. The UK Airprox Board monitors near-miss incidents. An Airprox is the official term for a situation where the distance between aircraft and their relative positions and speed were such that the safety of the aircraft may have been compromised. There were 70 Airprox reports involving drones coming close to aircraft over the UK in 2016 - more than double the number for 2015. There have been 33 incidents up to May 2017. The Civil Aviation Authority recommends drones be flown at no higher than 400ft.  However, the highest Airprox involving a drone was at 12,500ft. Of the 142 Airprox incidents involving drones recorded since 2010, 40 of them were near to Heathrow.  Six of them, up to May, had been near to Gatwick. In November 2016, the UK's drone code was revised and updated to help pilots ensure they fly the gadgets safely. The revised code turned the five main safety tips into a mnemonic, spelling drone, to make it easier to remember. UK revises safe flying drone codeThe British Airline Pilots' Association's flight safety specialist, Steve Landells, said the threat of drones flown near aircraft "must be addressed before we see a disaster". "We believe a collision, particularly with a helicopter, has the potential to be catastrophic," he said. The union has called for compulsory registration of drone users and said new technology should be considered, including a system where the drone transmits enough data for the police to track down the operator. The Civil Aviation Authority said there were serious consequences for people who broke the rules when flying drones. "Drone users have to understand that when taking to the skies they are potentially flying close to one of the busiest areas of airspace in the world. "[It is] a complex system that brings together all manner of aircraft including passenger aeroplanes, military jets, helicopters, gliders and light aircraft," a spokesman said. "It is totally unacceptable to fly drones close to airports and anyone flouting the rules can face severe penalties including imprisonment.
Cameron Stewart missed a great first-half chance for Linfield but they had to battle hard to repel pressure from the home side in the second period. Aaron Burns also wasted a second-half chance but the visitors had some nervous moments before progressing. Linfield will host Celtic in their first leg on Friday 14 July. It is estimated that the second qualifying round tie against the Scottish champions could earn the Irish Premiership winners up to £1million in Uefa prize money, gate receipts, television revenue, advertising and merchandising. Security concerns around the tie led to agreement that any potential first leg between the clubs at Windsor Park would be moved from the normal midweek slot to the Friday because of the clash with the 12th of July marches in Northern Ireland. Celtic also announced they would not take supporters to Belfast because of safety worries. Linfield had the better of the possession in the first half with Andrew Waterworth having an early chance stopped by La Fiorita keeper Gianluca Vivan before Stewart headed his great opportunity over the crossbar on 37 minutes after a superb Jamie Mulgrew cross. However, the home produced intense pressure immediately after the restart and, for the most part, Linfield retreated into their own half during the remainder of the contest as they held on to the first-leg lead secured by Jordan Stewart's late goal. A dreadful clearance by keeper Vivan gifted a lobbed chance to substitute Burns in the 70th minute but he pulled his shot badly wide. La Fiorita, aiming for a first win in a European tie at the sixth attempt, produced intense late pressure but their only clear opening came two minutes from time when substitute Adrian Ricchiuti had an effort blocked. The San Marino champions continued to press during the four minutes of injury-time, although Mulgrew did produce a late break into the La Fiorita penalty area before being handed a yellow card after being adjudged to have dived in the box. Linfield manager David Healy told the club's website: "I'm delighted.  Our main objective was to get through into the second round.  We've done that and we've earned the right to play a fantastic club in Celtic. "The players worked their socks off.  Was it pretty? No it wasn't, but it was effective.  The players were organised and they gave everything in their bodies tonight. "Match ends, La Fiorita 0, Linfield 0. Second Half ends, La Fiorita 0, Linfield 0. Jamie Mulgrew (Linfield) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Substitution, La Fiorita.  Tiziano Mottola replaces Danilo Rinaldi. Substitution, La Fiorita.  Adolfo Hirsch replaces Tommaso Zafferani. Substitution, Linfield.  Aaron Burns replaces Cameron Stewart. Substitution, Linfield.  Andrew Mitchell replaces Paul Smyth. Substitution, La Fiorita.  Adrián Ricchiuti replaces Marco Brighi. Marco Gasperoni (La Fiorita) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Second Half begins La Fiorita 0, Linfield 0. First Half ends, La Fiorita 0, Linfield 0. Mark Haughey (Linfield) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Tommaso Zafferani (La Fiorita) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. First Half begins. Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
The 32-year-old right-back has been with Arsenal since the age of eight and has won nine league titles during her time at the club. Coach Pedro Martinez Losa said: "We are very pleased that Alex has signed a new contract with us.  Alex is a true leader who brings so much to our team. "She shows professionalism on and off the pitch, providing a great role model for our younger players to look up to.
For a short time on Monday night, US time, the stocks of the likes of Apple, Microsoft, Amazon eBay and Zynga were all listed at $123. 47. Nasdaq blamed the erroneous use of test data, and said the situation had been fixed.   And with markets closed for the 4 July holiday, there'll be no impact on trading. But it got us wondering.  What can you buy for $123. 47?Danish pop group Aqua is reuniting for world tour to mark the 20th anniversary of hit single Barbie Girl. But even though they've been out of the spotlight for a long, long time, it's not cheap to go and see them. Our budget wouldn't stretch to the best seats for their Singapore show.  But a Category B ticket will cost 168 Singapore dollars (about $123).  We know, we know. . . . Including cheddar, creamy Lancashire and white stilton with cranberry, this small cheese celebration cake from Marks and Spencer will serve about 70 portions. It comes in at Â£95 which is pretty much bang on the equivalent of $123. 47. A tasty investment. Smartphone growth is booming in India with something for every price point.  Including the $123. 47 budget. That works out at almost exactly 7,990 rupees, which will get you a Samsung J3 from local online retailer Flipkart. Perfect for your future share trading. Zynga - the company behind online games like Farmville and Words With Friends - was one of those whose share price changed dramatically in the glitch. Rather than trading for $123. 47 each, their current stock price is around $3. 60. So you could snap up around 34 shares and hope to make a profit one day. But remember, the price of shares goes up as well as down.  Sometimes by more than anyone expects. . .
The winning image, by Hadi Asadi from Iran, shows the US president wearing a jacket of dollar bills and with burning yellow hair. Organisers of the Trumpism exhibition in Tehran have held similar contests in the past on themes including the Islamic State group and the Holocaust. This year's logo is based on the Nazi emblem, with a T instead of a swastika. It encouraged many comparisons between the US president and Nazism. "The 'ism' in Trumpism is a reference to racism and Nazism," organiser Masuod Shojai Tabatabaei told the Associated Press. "Many believe his remarks are similar to Hitler.  He has had a bad attitude toward media [and] refugees. "The group's Holocaust-themed cartoon contest last year drew condemnation from Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu. But organisers said it was designed to highlight Western double standards on free speech rather than cast doubt on the Nazi genocide. Others depictions in this year's competition drew on Mr Trump's promises to build a wall on the US-Mexican border as well as violence against women and attacks on the media. Entrants include several cartoonists from the US and the UK.American Clayton Jones's artwork shows the cover of two copies of Time magazine, one with President Trump's picture and the other with Adolf Hitler. They are both are portrayed as Time's Person of the Year with Mr Trump telling Hitler: "It is a great honor" and in return Hitler replies "Ja.
Footage emerged online of people appearing to sing the anti-Irish "Famine Song" at the weekend, while a band played along. The council said the right of the Orange Order to march was not "absolute". And it warned future parades could face greater restrictions or prohibition. Police are investigating the footage of the song, which is sung to the tune of the Beach Boys' Sloop John B has previously been ruled to be racist by a Scottish court. A spokesman for Glasgow City Council said: "The European Convention on Human Rights enshrines the rights to peaceful assembly and freedom of expression. "However, these rights are not absolute.  They must be balanced by the responsibility to ensure the rights of others are not infringed. "He added that the council would have a full debrief with police and the parade organisers, and would take into account any issues of public disorder, anti-social behaviour or damage to property resulting from the procession. And the spokesman said the council would also "take into consideration any evidenced issues and, if a future procession notification is received from the organiser, the likelihood of any restriction or prohibition may be greater. "The main County Grand Orange Order parade from George Square to Glasgow Green on Saturday saw 4,500 people in 63 bands take part and another 4,000 people spectating. It was in celebration of Prince William of Orange's victory over King James II at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690. Eight arrests were made for minor disorder and alcohol-related offences. Robert McLean, executive officer for the Grand Orange Lodge of Scotland, said: "At the end of the day, members of the public will sing songs to tunes. "I have been quite clear - if police investigate we will assist with their inquiries.  We look forward to the debrief and looking at any incidents that occurred. "But David Scott, campaign director for anti-sectarian group Nil by Mouth, said: "If the Orange Order are a religious and cultural organisation, what would be the relevance of a Beach Boys song?"We know that tune also has another certain set of lyrics.  The organisers should be speaking to band members and saying what is acceptable. "Ch Supt Brian McInulty of Police Scotland said the force operated a "zero-tolerance policy" when it comes to any form of sectarian abuse, and would fully investigate any incidents brought to their attention.
The 19-year-old has been with the Shakers since 2013 and scored two goals in 14 appearances last season. However, he can return to Gigg Lane if Bury use the recall clause in his contract, which expires on 28 April.
Pictures of men kissing the figure, holding her hand and touching her chest and crotch have gone viral on Facebook and other social media. Malaysia is a Muslim-majority country which has seen religious conservatism on the rise in recent years. Shell said the acts went against local culture and its own values. The energy giant, which has more than 950 outlets in Malaysia, said it would not condone the "distasteful and suggestive acts", which it said were "disrespectful". "We urge netizens and members of the public to refrain from sharing these images further", it added, criticising the "extreme behaviour" of the men,The adverts featuring a 25-year-old female employee, dressed in a red T-shirt, black trousers and a black headscarf. The woman told local paper The Star that she felt "humiliated" by the images. "They may just be joking, but I feel humiliated because that is still myself although it is just an image," she said. One man who posted a four-minute video on Facebook of himself kissing the cardboard cutout has reportedly apologised. "I let excitement get the better of me," he told a Malaysian news outlet.
The winners of this year's aerial photography competition run by online site Dronestagram have been announced. There were thousands of entries taken using drone cameras and the winners were selected by the judges - National Geographic deputy director Patrick Witty and Emanuela Ascoli, photo editor of National Geographic France - and Dronestagram's team. Here we present the winning images from the four categories. This year there was a special category to recognise the creativity of the Dronestagram community.
The eighteen-year-old lost his lower legs and spent nearly a month in hospital after the accident. It happened during a race at Donington Park, days before his birthday. When he was recovering from his accident, Billy said he really wanted to race again, despite his injuries,Now the Formula 4 racer is back behind the wheel - trying out a car specially designed to make it easy for him to drive. The controls for the Fun Cup endurance racer are attached to the steering wheel instead of being the floor of the car, where they'd normally be. The new racing car came from a group called Team BRIT. They help disabled people and people with injuries that would making driving difficult, to compete in motorsport. It's designed to look like a Volkswagen Beetle, and Billy's been giving it a test drive at Brands Hatch in Kent. Billy says it's been really good just to get back behind the wheel, but he still wants to perfect his technique and get used to driving the new car. While Billy still has some training and therapy to get through, he says that's all going well, and he's hoping to get back out on the track properly soon. He says his ambition is now to compete in the Le Mans 24 Hours, along with Frenchman Frederic Sausset, who lost both his arms and legs through an illness. The teenager also wants to thank his fans, saying he's been overwhelmed by the help they've given him. He says: "People keep saying I'm the inspiration but I think all these people coming together to support someone who has gone through an accident like this, they're the true inspiration.
Robin Li was in the passenger seat when he made a video call to an artificial-intelligence developers conference in the Chinese capital. But while autonomous vehicles are tipped as the future of motoring, they are banned from China's public roads. Police began an investigation after the video went viral. The footage shows another Baidu executive in the driver's seat, but with his hands off the steering wheel. Mr Li reportedly told his audience the vehicle was on autopilot and that the journey was smooth. Baidu, which has not commented on the incident, is one of many firms developing prototypes of self-driving vehicles that will use mapping and artificial intelligence technology. At the conference, Baidu announced that it had built an alliance with 50 partners to develop and promote self-driving cars. They include Ford, Daimler, five Chinese car manufacturers, mapping firm TomTom, and chipmakers Intel and Nvidia. Baidu said it hoped to have autonomous cars on China's roads by 2019 - so long as the law allowed it - before expanding to other markets including the US.Earlier this year Baidu also opened up its self-driving car codes to software developers via the 'Apollo' open-source platform in the hope it would spur innovation. Two of its autonomous vehicles using Apollo version 1. 0 were on display at the developers conference, the Wall Street Journal said. Google parent company Alphabet, Ford and GM have also built and are among those testing self-driving cars.
The Ibrox club had two bids rejected by the Canaries for the 30-year-old Scot, who becomes Pedro Caixinha's ninth summer signing. Dorrans told Rangers TV: "It feels incredible.  It has been a long couple of weeks, but to finally get it over the line is an incredible feeling. "I just can't wait to get the boots on and get started. "Bruno Alves, Daniel Candeias, Carlos Pena, Eduardo Herrera, Dalcio, Ryan Jack, Alfredo Morelos and Fabio Cardoso have all made the move to Ibrox. Dorrans made his senior debut for Livingston in a Scottish Premier League game against Kilmarnock in May 2005 and went on to make 91 appearances for the West Lothian club before joining West Bromwich Albion in July 2008. He had seven seasons at the Hawthorns, spending his last four months on loan at Norwich, who he signed for in the summer of 2015. He made 25 appearances in his first season and a further 24 last term. After signing a three-year deal with the Ibrox club, Dorrans added: "I don't think there is ever a wrong time to come to a football club like this. "The size of this football club is incredible - I've obviously had great times down in England, especially at West Brom, but growing up, I knew I always wanted to come to this football club and when the chance came around I jumped at it. "Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The 31-year-old scored just twice in 36 appearances in the Dons' maiden League One campaign last season. He now drops down to League Two, where he helped Shrewsbury to promotion in 2014-15 and finished top scorer at both Crawley Town and Macclesfield. Barnett, now on the 14th club of his career, also played in the Championship for Peterborough and Ipswich. He made his name in non-league football with Rushall Olympic and Hednesford Town, after being released as a youngster by West Bromwich Albion. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
But this was far from the first time bungling contractors have been left with red faces.  BBC News rounds up some of the gaffes that have hit the headlines. When a misspelt road marking appeared outside a school in Chester, the finger of blame was as usual pointed at hapless contractors. The lettering outside Highfield Community Primary School, in Blacon, was "claer" evidence that spelling was not the forte of the person who painted it. The marking was hastily corrected, at no cost to the council, after it appeared in February 2014. At least the simplest of fixes was possible when blundering workmen misspelled the word "minutes" as "minuites" at an NCP car park at Cambridge's railway station. Although it was two years before anything was done about the gaffe, eventually an NCP boss harnessed an inner Mick Jagger and gave the order: "I want it painted black. "Thus the offending "I" was covered up to restore basic literacy to this corner of Cambridge. NCP said those responsible for the cock-up were "committed to playing Scrabble in their lunchtimes as spelling revision". A set of double yellow lines that appeared in Cardiff last summer couldn't be faulted in terms of execution - but the location chosen for the markings led to the city council being widely mocked. That's because the road on which the lines were painted is barely 5ft (1. 5m) wide and too narrow for anything but a toy car. Despite the markings being branded "ridiculous" and a "waste of money", the beleaguered council stuck to its guns, arguing the double yellows were necessary to "deter anti-social parking on the narrow access lane". Motorists using a supermarket petrol station in Doncaster were amused to find themselves being directed towards a species of low-flying seabird. The word "petrel" was painted in 3ft letters, next to the flawlessly spelt word "exit" and some perfectly drawn arrows, on the approach to the pumps at the Sainsbury's Edenthorpe store in September 2016. In a light-hearted response, Sainsbury's said it was "correcting the misteke". Not wanting to let anything as inconvenient as a parked car get in their way, slapdash council contractors tasked with painting double yellow lines in a suburb of Leeds simply daubed the markings around the vehicle. However, once the car's owner returned and drove away, the lines were left sticking out from the kerb. Leeds City Council branded the markings in Hyde Terrace, Clarendon, as "ridiculous" and said it would remind contractors "to use common sense" in future.  The lines were later repainted. Welsh-speaking drivers in Swansea were bemused to encounter a road sign that informed them: "I am not in the office at the moment.  Send any work to be translated. "Above the baffling statement on the dual-language sign was the correct wording in English: "No entry for heavy goods vehicles.  Residential site only". The howler came about because a non-Welsh speaking council employee emailed the authority's in-house translation service, and took the response received as the translation being sought for the new road sign.
The 29-year-old spent the majority of last season on loan with Wolves, making 19 appearances in all competitions. He previously played 211 league games for the Molineux side between 2008 and 2015 before moving to Craven Cottage. "Richard was our number one target throughout the summer and I'm delighted he has signed," boss Chris Wilder told the club website. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Verheydt, who had been with Maastricht since 2015, has signed a three-year contract with Harry Kewell's side. The 25-year-old scored 13 goals in 43 appearances in all competitions last season. Meanwhile, Watford winger Dennon Lewis, 20, has joined the Reds on a loan deal until 31 December. Lewis, who made 29 National League appearances on loan at Woking last season, played under Kewell when the Australian was coach of Watford's under-23 team. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe Briton, 30, won 6-2 4-6 6-1 7-5 after two hours and 39 minutes, with match point clinched at 20:57 BST.Fognini, the 29th seed, had five set points to force a fifth set but Murray won five games in a row to seal a place in the last 16 for the 11th time. Murray will play Frenchman Benoit Paire in the fourth round on Monday. Fellow Briton Johanna Konta earlier reached the second week for the first time with a 6-4 6-1 win over Maria Sakkari of Greece. Media playback is not supported on this device"The end of the match was tense.  It was an up and down match.  I didn't feel like it was the best tennis at times but I managed to get through," Murray told the BBC."It was getting dark towards the end and I was probably thinking a bit about that. "We would have had to go off for the roof to go on, so that would have meant a change in conditions.  I'm pleased to get off in four. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceMurray looked like avoiding a long, drawn-out contest when he moved ahead early in the third set but a Friday night drama would develop as the light faded. Fognini, 30, showed both his talented and temperamental sides as he got within sight of a fifth set, which would have required the roof to be brought across or both men to return on Saturday. The Italian, who recently beat Murray on clay in Rome, looked well off the pace when he double-faulted twice in a row to lose the first set, but he began to assert himself in the second. Fognini broke for a second time to lead 3-2 and went on to level at one set all, before firing his 13th baseline winner to just one for Murray by the start of the third set. At 30-30, Murray was on the defensive and looking increasingly vulnerable, but he clung on with a second serve and the scream of relief jolted him and the Centre Court crowd to life. Across the net, Fognini's challenge was apparently fading, an ankle injury not helping as the errors flowed and the set slipped away. A gripping fourth set unfolded, with passions rising on and off court as Fognini was penalised a point for a visible obscenity following a gesture, and Murray complaining to the umpire that the Italian was taking too long between points. It was Fognini who took control after Murray double-faulted in game six, but from 5-2 down Murray showed all his fighting qualities to save set points in three consecutive games. The 15,000 spectators on Centre Court were on their feet as the Briton levelled at 5-5, and Fognini could not halt Murray's momentum as the champion served his way to victory. "I feel OK," added Murray.  "I didn't feel I moved as well as the first couple of matches but I've got a couple of days break now and can work on that and hopefully get myself in a good rhythm and play some good tennis on Monday. "I'm happy to get through the first week and anything can happen from here on.
Fifty lodges from around Ireland, along with visiting Orangemen and women, attended the event. The parade, accompanied by 30 bands, made its way along the rural coastal setting into the centre of the seaside village before a religious service. Many families with young children gathered at vantage points along the route to take in the demonstration. County grandmaster David Mahon said Donegal prides itself on being a family-friendly day with a relaxed atmosphere. The parade is the traditional opener to the annual 12 July celebrations marking King William III's victory at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690. Assistant Grand Master Stuart Brooker told the crowds the institution was "being challenged on many fronts". "One of the biggest issues we currently face is organised opposition to our traditional parades, and in this respect, we are branded intransigent, and insensitive," he said. "We have responded by challenging ourselves.  And I believe that we have responded in a responsible manner, by reaching out to the wider community as never before. "He added that they have done so "in a spirit of openness and goodwill, evidenced in the success of the Twelfth here in Rossnowlagh.
Biker Mark Smith said he was told he would no longer be served at The Royal Oak at Ulley, near Rotherham. The pub is owned by Samuel Smiths brewery, based at Tadcaster in North Yorkshire, who have not responded to a BBC request for comment. Solicitor Euan Lawrence said it was not against the law for the brewery to ban a group of bikers from its pubs. Read more about this and other stories from across YorkshireThe independent brewery, which has around 200 pubs, recently banned people from swearing on its premises. Mr Smith said the new ban emerged when he visited his local pub. "Before I even got to the car park a guy greeted me and said 'we're not allowed in, bikers are barred'. "I parked up and I am getting my gear off and a staff member came out to greet me and said 'I can't serve you, we've barred bikes'. "Mr Smith said the staff member told him the decision came from the brewery and no reason to bar him and other bikers was given. Euan Lawrence, from Black's Solicitors in Leeds, said bikers were not a "protected group" under the Equality Act. "Whilst many people would say 'well in the plain English meaning of the word discrimination then yes it is discrimination'. "But for the purposes of the law and whether or not there is a remedy in respect of that discrimination - the short answer is there is not.
Beth Potter, Laura Muir and Callum Hawkins sealed early places. Andrew Butchart, Eilidh Doyle, Zoey Clark, Chris O'Hare, Steph Twell, Josh Kerr and Eilish McColgan secured their spots at the British team trials. Guy Learmonth qualified at the Anniversary Games, while Lynsey Sharp and Jake Wightman were handed team berths by the selectors. Marathon runner Robbie Simpson had qualified but then withdrew due to a calf injury. Scotland's previous best total of athletes at the worlds was seven, achieved in 1983 and 2015. The number of Scots represented reflects a recent improvement in the results of the nation's athletes. Middle-distance runner Muir is leading the way, having set five British and two European records in the past year.  She will go in the 1500m and the 5,000m. O'Hare, who runs in the 1500m, is another Scot to watch, following a great season that included victory at the British Team trials and the Anniversary Games.  Kerr, who finished second at the trials, joins O'Hare in the team, with Wightman also selected after finishing third at the trials. Doyle will be competing at her fifth World Championships as she goes in the 400m hurdles, while Aberdeen's Clark will sample her first major championships having earned her spot in the 400m. Learmonth will be racing in his first World Championships, having finished second in the 800m at the British trials and secured the qualifying time at the Anniversary Games. Butchart will be up against Mo Farah in the 5,000m. "First of all let me firmly congratulate the athletes, their families, their coaches and the clubs involved in their development on selection by GB and NI for a World Champs," said Rodger Harkins, performance director with Scottish Athletics. "We should never be under the impression that selection for a British team at this level comes lightly.  It comes after many years of hard work and dedication, sacrifice by athletes and families, and strong commitment, guidance and experience from coaches. "Looking through those selected, I can see examples of that in each and every one of those 13 Scottish names.
13 July 2017 Last updated at 08:01 BSTShe's now through to the semi final of the competition. But this may not be an easy win as Konta faces five-time Wimbledon Champion Venus Williams,Let's see how they stack up, stats wise.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe midfielder, 28, is under contract with Arsenal until 2018 but speculation over his future has been widespread. "It is definitely my preference to stay," the German said on Wednesday. "Once everyone is back in London, we will sit down and discuss the future.  I have always said that I feel very good at Arsenal. "Arsenal face Sydney FC on Thursday (11:00 BST) and Western Sydney Wanderers (11:00 BST) on Saturday before heading to China for two further games. Arsene Wenger's side meet Bayern Munich (12:20 BST) on 19 July in Shanghai and Chelsea (12:40 BST) on 22 July in Beijing before returning to England. "For now the most important thing is our pre-season and getting through the tour, training and getting fitness," added Ozil, who joined Arsenal from Real Madrid for £42. 4m in 2013. "I have always said that I feel very good at Arsenal. "While Ozil appears keen to stay, the futures of Chile forward Alexis Sanchez and France striker Olivier Giroud remain less clear. Giroud, 30, has been with Arsenal for five years but has been linked with moves to Premier League rivals Everton and West Ham. "I've been through some difficulty this last year, but always succeed to bounce back," said the former Montpellier forward. "I'm still an Arsenal player and try to be professional like I always have done and to prepare well for the next season. "Meanwhile, Sanchez has been linked with Manchester City. "It would hit the team quite hard if he left because he is a player who always delivers," said Ozil.
The Manchester-born full-back has admitted previously that moving closer to his family was a temptation. But he this week agreed a new three-year contract to remain at Pittodrie. "It was definitely a big factor in me signing," the right-back said of McInnes' decision.  "It was nice to re-assured that he would be the manager. "Logan, 29, joined the Scottish Premiership club from Brentford in May 2014 and had been linked with a move back to England. "It was always a temptation," he said.  "My family's down there, my friends are down there, but at the end of the day it is about enjoying football and being happy and I am more than happy here. "Family has never been an issue.  The manager gives me more than enough time to see the kiddies and I can arrange for them all to come up and spend time with their dad up here. "So it is probably a stage of my career where I thought a three-year deal at club where I've been for three and a half years it suited me down to the ground. "It would have been difficult signing under a manager I had never played under. "McInnes paid tribute to Logan for the way he has handled his family situation. "Shay's not had it easy because of that," he said.  "His own situation domestically is a huge commitment for him to see his kids. "But that's another positive of Shay Logan - how committed he is to his family and his children - but at no point does he lack that commitment to us. "He gets quality time with his kids, but he also brings us the necessary work to prepare for a game. "He never misses training.  He's consistently fit and available and he's chalked up a lot of games.  He is a fantastic boy to work with. "McInnes also praised Logan's quality as a player. "It's important that we try to retain good players, players that have served us well and there's no doubt that Shay, from day one, has impressed us all," he added. "A lot is made of his personality, his confidence and rightly so and I think the fans are drawn to that. "But what also has to be said is that he is a very good player and he's been voted the best right-back in the league in the last few seasons and rightly so. "He has been a brilliant signing and I'm delighted he has shown that commitment to be with us.
The repeal bill, published earlier, is also facing opposition from Labour and other parties in the Commons. Ministers are "optimistic" about getting it through and have promised an "ongoing intense dialogue" with the devolved administrations. No 10 said it had to be passed or "there will be no laws" after Brexit. Brexit Secretary David Davis called it "one of the most significant pieces of legislation that has ever passed through Parliament". He rejected claims ministers were giving themselves "sweeping powers" to make changes to laws as they are repatriated. It will be up to MPs if they want a say on the "technical changes" ministers plan to make to legislation, he told the BBC.Labour says it will not support the bill in its current form and is demanding concessions in six areas, including the incorporation of the European Charter of Fundamental Rights into British law. The party wants guarantees workers' rights will be protected and also want curbs on the power of government ministers to alter legislation without full parliamentary scrutiny. Leader Jeremy Corbyn, who was in Brussels earlier for a meeting with the EU's chief negotiator Michel Barnier, said: "Far too much of it seems to be a process where the government. . .  will be able to bypass Parliament. "We will make sure there is full parliamentary scrutiny.  We have a Parliament where the government doesn't have a majority, we have a country which voted in two ways on Leave or Remain. "The majority voted to leave and we respect that, but they didn't vote to lose jobs and they didn't vote to have Parliament ridden roughshod over. "The Conservatives are relying on Democratic Unionist Party support to win key votes after losing their Commons majority in the general election, but could face a revolt from Remain supporting backbenchers. BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg said there could be "parliamentary guerrilla warfare" on the bill, as opposition parties and "Remainer Tories" try to "put their version of Brexit, not Theresa May's, on to the statute book". The repeal bill is not expected to be debated by MPs until the Autumn, but will need to have been passed by the time the UK leaves the EU - which is due to happen in March 2019. But the Scottish and Welsh governments have to give "legislative consent" to the bill before it can become law - something they have said they are not willing to do. In a joint statement, first ministers Nicola Sturgeon and Carwyn Jones, who also met Mr Barnier, described the bill as a "naked power-grab" by Westminster that undermined the principles of devolution. They say the bill returns powers from Brussels solely to the UK government and Parliament and "imposes new restrictions" on the Scottish Parliament and the Welsh Assembly. Ministers at Holyrood will not be able to amend EU rules in devolved areas such as agriculture and fisheries after Brexit until the UK Parliament and Scottish government have reached an agreement on them. UK Scottish Secretary David Mundell claimed the repeal bill would result in a powers "bonanza" for Holyrood - a comment described as "ludicrous" by the SNP.Theresa May's official spokeswoman said the repeal bill was a "hugely important piece of legislation" because "we need to have a functioning statute book on the day we leave the EU". The spokesman said First Secretary of State Damian Green had contacted the devolved administrations in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and the government was confident of gaining their consent. Asked if there was a contingency plan if he didn't win their backing, the prime minister's official spokesman said "not that I'm aware of". Lib Dem leader Tim Farron, whose party is seeking to join forces with Labour and Tory rebels, said he was "putting the government on warning", promising a tougher test than than it faced when passing legislation authorising the UK's departure from the EU."If you found the Article 50 Bill difficult, you should be under no illusion, this will be hell," he said. Steve Baker, a minister in the Department for Exiting the European Union, said the government was "ready" for a fight over the bill but would also to "listen to Parliament". Speaking to BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg, Mr Davies predicted the bill "may get amendments here and there", saying he was open to suggestions from other parties for things that should be included. "If we've missed something and got something wrong, then we'll debate that in the House of Commons," he said. "That's how this works. "Mr Davis also insisted contingency plans were being made in case the UK and the EU cannot agree a Brexit deal. "We are planning for all options," he said. "The ideal outcome. . .  right through to it not working at all and not getting a negotiated outcome at all. "Asked why Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson had said the government had "no plan" for such a scenario, he said: "That's possibly because it's my responsibility to plan for it.
Former five-weight world champion Mayweather faced UFC lightweight title-holder McGregor in Canada in front of 16,000 fans in Toronto. McGregor, 28, danced around the stage as he criticised 40-year-old Mayweather and his promoters. The pair will meet over 12 rounds under boxing rules on 26 August. In a series of expletive-laden outbursts, mixed martial arts star McGregor insulted Mayweather over his outfit and even suggested he couldn't read. "How do I look?" McGregor asked the crowd, before pointing at Mayweather's bag.  "He's 40! Dress your age, carrying a school bag on stage. "What are you doing with a school bag on stage? You can't even read. "Mayweather, dressed in a T-shirt and cap while McGregor wore a suit, replied: "I'm the one that can't read? I do numbers, I make money,""You owe money," McGregor responded, referring to reports that Mayweather asked the IRS earlier this month for more time to pay his 2015 tax bill. Undefeated Mayweather took an Irish flag from the crowd and paraded it in front of McGregor, before the Irishman threw it back in the boxer's face. Their head-to-head meeting was the second in a four-day international tour to four cities to promote the bout taking place at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. The first publicity event took place in Los Angeles, where McGregor promised to knock out Mayweather inside four rounds, with the final two events taking place in New York and London. McGregor has never boxed as an amateur or professional. But his UFC coach John Kavanagh says the Irishman's boxing skills are improving all the time. Kavanagh said: "We have gone through one training cycle and we had some good sparring partners in - and, as we expected, his skills transcended. "He is not trying to win Wimbledon.  It's not that different. "His understanding of range, his understanding of how to move around is excellent. "He added: "The first half has gone very well and I am heading out to Vegas for the second half on Monday, and I am expecting him to peak at the right time.
The competition kicked off on Friday evening as Ayr United beat neighbours Kilmarnock 1-0 in Group E.And the cup gets into full swing on Saturday, with 15 more games. Well have lost to two English National League sides in pre-season, while Hibs' games included a draw with Sunderland. Lennon's side beat Dunfermline Athletic and Berwick Rangers in pre-season and will host Montrose in the Group D match. "I was never a lover of pre-season when I played and as a manager I never paid to much attention to the results either," lennon told HibsTV."It was all about getting the players fit, but I've been pleased so far.  The players have done very well. "We know what is ahead of us and we know what's at stake in the Betfred Cup.  We want to go as far in the competition as we can, if not win it. "Nigeria defender Efe Ambrose will not feature against the Gable Endies after arriving back at training two days late with the Edinburgh club. The 28-year-old, who was signed from Celtic this summer, said his delay was  because of a personal matter.  Lennon said this has now been resolved. It is the second year of the new League Cup group-stage format, with Premiership rivals Ross County hosting League One's Alloa Athletic in Saturday's other Group D game. Motherwell are the top seeds in Group F, but the squad that is being reshaped by Robinson [nine players have arrived with 16 exiting] have suffered defeats by Gateshead and Barrow. "The cup competition comes really, really early," the Well manager said before their trip to face League One side Queen's Park. "I would rather have people 100% ready, but everybody's in the same boat. "We will get better, especially our understanding.  We brought in nine players and potentially one or two more. "I think we need a bit of an injection of pace in the top end of the pitch, but we probably have to move people on first. "One player Robinson has no intention of losing is Louis Moult, and the manager insisted the striker is ready to give 100% despite a rejected bid from Aberdeen. Group H top seeds Partick Thistle face a tricky opener at home to Livingston, who won promotion to the Championship. Thistle midfielder Stuart Bannigan is close to a return after 15 months on the sidelines through injury, but the 24-year-old is unlikely to feature as manager Alan Archibald is wary of rushing his recovery. Archibald is already without right-back Mustapha Dumbuya, who is facing a couple of months on the sidelines after having surgery on an injury. Fellow defender Niall Keown is also doubt after picking up a knock before leaving Reading. Archibald has therefore been forced back into the transfer market to find a new right-back as well as a new striker after Ade Azeez departed for Cambridge United. With Aberdeen, holders Celtic, Rangers and St Johnstone not featuring until the next round because they were in European competition, Hamilton Academical are the other top-flight side in action on Saturday. They made their first signing of the close season on Friday, with French central defender Xavier Tomas joining for an undisclosed fee from Swiss club Lausanne-Sport. However, the 31-year-old will not feature away to Lowland League champions East Kilbride as he requires international clearance.
Craig Harvey, 31, denies assaulting consultant radiologist Marcel Strauss at Wishaw General on 24 February. He is also accused of assaulting a prison officer and wrestling with three others before trying to escape from the ultrasound department on the same day. Mr Harvey pled not guilty to all the charges during an appearance at the High Court in Glasgow. It is alleged that he repeatedly struck Dr Strauss on the arm with a blade, which was attached to a piece of plastic, to the doctor's severe injury and permanent disfigurement. Prosecutors also say that he assaulted prison officer James Muncie when he was "in lawful custody" and that he tried to detain the guard against his will in a toilet while holding the razor blade. The charge further alleges that Mr Harvey demanded the prison officer remove his handcuffs and attempted to strike him with the blade before struggling with him, which resulted in Mr Muncie striking his head. It is also claimed that he struggled with three other prison officers and attempted to escape from their custody in an attempt to defeat the ends of justice. Mr Harvey faces a third charge of being in possession of a weapon. He is due to stand trial on 27 September at the High Court in Livingston.
Lewis, 19, signed a three-year contract with the English Premier League club on Friday, having played three FA Cup games for them last season. Manager Ray McKinnon has also given a contract to Deniz Mehmet following his departure from Port Vale. Hibernian midfielder Sam Stanton has also made the move to United on a one-year loan deal. The arrivals come with Cammy Bell, last season's first-choice goalkeeper, possibly leaving Tannadice to return to Kilmarnock. Bell, 30, is believed to be keen on a move to the Scottish Premiership club. McKinnon said of Lewis: "I expect him to challenge for the starting position. "Harry comes here as one of the top young goalkeeping prospects in English football. "It says so much about his ambition and desire that he has chosen to come up to Scotland to get first-team involvement. "It is a coup for us to bring him to Tannadice and I am positive we will hear much more about him during his career. "Lewis, who has represented England at youth level, joined Southampton from hometown club Shrewsbury Town in 2015, hopes to challenge for starts with the Scottish Championship club. "I am excited at the prospect of being involved in first-team football," he told United's website. "I believe I am joining a winning team that will be challenging at the top of the league and want to play my part in helping the club secure the title. "Stanton becomes United's ninth summer signing and their fourth of the week. The 24-year-old Mehmet returns to Scottish football after having played with Falkirk before joining Port Vale in January. Dutch midfielder Jordie Briels also signed on a one-year contract after the 25-year-old left Fortuna Sittard in his homeland.
Abdou, who joined Millwall from Plymouth in 2008, signed a new one-year deal to stay with Lions until the end of next season on Thursday. The 33-year-old made 22 appearances for Millwall last season, helping them win promotion from League One. Abdou is Dons manager Neal Ardley's fifth signing since the end of last season. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Marsh failed to score in 16 league games after joining Dover from Torquay for an undisclosed fee in January 2016. The 23-year-old made eight appearances for Dover last season, but finished the season on loan at National League South side Welling United. Marsh is Macclesfield manager John Askey's 10th signing since the end of last season. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Galloway also missed the end of last season, having ruptured the Achilles tendon in his other leg. The 31-year-old's latest injury will also rule him out of Scotland's squad for the World Cup starting in October. Galloway has made 43 appearances for Leeds since joining from NRL side Wests Tigers ahead of last season.
The 30-year-old joined City for £13. 8m from Celta Vigo last summer and made 30 appearances, scoring six times. Half of those goals came in his first three games.  He did not start a league game - or score a goal - in 2017. Last month he claimed his "daughter's face has changed colour" because of the English weather. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceSpirit of Shankly (SOS) will vote on the issue on Saturday. Its chair, Jay McKenna, said the impact of the Hillsborough disaster might have left fans "behind the curve" in the debate about reintroducing standing. The club said it would "listen" to fans' views if legislation requiring all-seater stadiums were ever changed. Liverpool said their fans were in a "uniquely complex and difficult position" when contemplating safe standing because the requirement for all-seater stadiums in England's top flight came in response to the Hillsborough disaster, in which 96 fans were killed in a crush at an FA Cup semi-final in 1989. SOS has discussed the issue with members since September and on Tuesday will meet with survivors of the disaster and families of those killed. It will hold an open meeting in the city this weekend, then open an online vote.  The vote will seek to clarify an official stance on safe standing for the group's members but a separate vote will also collate the views of non-members in order to build a supporter-wide consensus. "We think it's important that everybody has a say," added McKenna. "It can be a factual and emotional debate.  We are fully aware of that.  In the past nobody has wanted to talk about it, perhaps for fear of upsetting people.  If we don't have this conversation, it will happen around us. "We just want to know, are you in favour of it or not?"Government legislation would need to change for safe standing to be introduced. The Premier League wrote to its 20 clubs last month to assess whether they would be interested in trialling safe standing. Debate over the issue has grown since Celtic introduced around 3,000 rail seats at Celtic Park at the beginning of last season.  The Scottish club will be represented at Saturday's open SOS meeting, as will the Sports Ground Safety Authority, who oversaw regulation surrounding the move to all-seater stadiums. But Margaret Aspinall, chair of the Hillsborough Family Support Group, which helps families of more than 70 of those killed at Hillsborough, reiterated the body's objection to safe standing. "We have had a vote not so long ago with the families and they voted against any form of standing whatsoever," she said.  "We don't call it safe standing we call it unsafe standing. "A separate organisation - the Hillsborough Justice Campaign - said it remained "neutral" on any move to safe standing but chair Kenny Derbyshire said it was now "imperative" people had their say. In April 2016, inquests concluded the 96 people who died as a result of Hillsborough were unlawfully killed.  In June, it was announced six senior figures will face charges for the disaster.
Duffy, 37, has joined the third-placed Championship side on a one-year contract after leaving Swinton Lions. The Scotland assistant coach will lead Featherstone in their final league game against Toulouse on Saturday before the upcoming Super 8 Qualifiers. "He is a fantastic coach and we are very excited to see how his reign here unfolds," chairman Mark Campbell said. "We believe he has done a remarkable job in extremely difficult circumstances at Swinton and he deserves a great deal of credit for his efforts there. "Duffy, who played for Leigh, Widnes and Salford during a 16-year playing career, has been replaced by his former assistant Stuart Littler at fellow Championship side Swinton.
That phrase hinted both at an ideal flexible arrangement in the future and an ideal shared approach from both the UK and Irish governments, together stressing to the EU the paramount importance of doing nothing that might constitute any kind of risk to the political progress made over recent decades. But is that seamless approach unravelling and could Brexit become a source of greater friction between the two governments?Both the Brexit Secretary David Davis and DUP leader Arlene Foster have been fond of talking about technology as the answer to Ireland's post-Brexit problems. Yes, they acknowledge, putting old-style customs checkpoints right on the border would be unacceptable for both political and security reasons. However, they then go on to suggest that provided businesses co-operate with computerised trusted trader schemes, and cameras with number plate recognition capability are installed some distance away from the frontier, all will be well. By contrast, the Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney has now warned that technology isn't the answer. Instead, he argues there is a need for a wider political agreement.  What does that mean?On the BBC's Good Morning Ulster programme, Fine Gael Senator Neale Richmond hinted that the Irish favour moving customs controls to seaports and airports, rather than anywhere near the land border. This might sound geographically sensible, but the political implications should not be underestimated. Arlene Foster has previously said that putting a border down the middle of the Irish Sea, creating a divide between Northern Ireland and Great Britain, is something her party will not tolerate. So long as the DUP-Conservative parliamentary arrangement survives, that is a concern David Davis and Theresa May will have to take very seriously. But, if the DUP has the ear of the British government, then similarly as a loyal EU member state, Dublin has the ear of Michel Barnier's negotiating team. Since becoming foreign minister, Simon Coveney has not been shy about making his differences with the UK clear. He voiced his concern for Northern Ireland having special EU status, which contrasted with the position of his predecessor Charlie Flanagan. Some surmised this might only have been a slip of the tongue. However Mr Coveney's decision to let it be known he favoured a bespoke Irish Language Act (Sinn FÃ©in, the SDLP and Alliance's preference) over a hybrid bill (the DUP's suggestion) was a clear move to distance Dublin from the Northern Ireland Office's studied neutrality on the issue. If the border after Brexit becomes a more open source of arm wrestling between the two governments, that could have consequences  - not just for the continuing UK/EU negotiations, but also for the Stormont talks when they resume in earnest in the autumn.
How a winemaker is taking on Sicily's rural MafiaIt's a warm July evening and the surrounding hills glow golden in the setting sun amid the chirruping of swallows and the song of cicadas. It should be an image of rural peace and contentment, but on closer inspection, all is not quite as it seems. Security cameras on high stilts dot the perimeter of his land.  The metal gates leading into his winery remain securely shut throughout our interview, and inside the winery's main building, images from across his vineyard flicker on a bank of screens. This, he says, is what it takes to run a modern business in Sicily in 2017. Cesare has been threatened, his land has been repeatedly trespassed on, his buildings have been damaged and trees cut down or set alight.  He's even been physically attacked. "The rural Mafia was trying to drive us off our land and destroy our business," he says between careful sips of wine. So who are the rural Mafia? Well, they're shepherds in the main - but some officials believe they're acting in cahoots with local lawyers, accountants and possibly even local politicians. Cesare believes the battle against them pits modern Italy against forces that want Sicily to remain rooted in the ways of the past. Driving out of his winery, he points out wooden stakes in the ground.  "See that?" he says.  "They're the signs of the rural Mafia"The stakes are dotted across the land around his vineyard.  They're about a metre-long, distinctive for the strip of white cardboard wrapped round them. And they're a common sight in rural Sicily. There are more about 100km (60 miles) away from Cesare's winery, in the foothills of Mount Etna, where Sebastiano Blanco is rebuilding a house on his plot of land. "What those stakes say is 'this land belongs to us'," Sebastiano says.  "They, the rural Mafia, see all this land as their own, regardless of who has legal title to it. "Like Cesare, he says there are local clans who believe that they, and not the Italian state, set the laws. Last year, Sebastiano's house was burnt down.  The police and fire brigade said the fire was probably started by a homeless person who'd come inside to warm up. But Sebastiano thinks it's no coincidence that the fire happened soon after stakes appeared on his land.  He believes the rural Mafia took revenge when he wouldn't hand over his land. He cuts a forlorn figure, kicking at the blackened rubble strewn across the charred ground of what were once his bedroom, with the early evening's purple sky visible through the exposed beams of his shattered roof. So, what exactly is it that the Mafia wants?Giuseppe Antoci, president of Sicily's largest national park, Nebrodi, and co-ordinator of Federparchi Sicilia, the Federation of Sicilian National Parks, has been investigating the matter for the past few years. What he's uncovered is widespread fraud involving European Union farm and rural development funds. In an investigation conducted together with the deputy police commissioner Daniele Manganaro of the district of Messina, Mr Antoci found that local crime networks were falsely claiming land as their own - or presenting forged documents saying they had leased it - in order to make applications for EU subsidies. "We've seen an evolution of Mafia here," he says. "This is not the Mafia of the illegal drugs trade or the trafficking of arms.  It takes a lot of work and research to commit this sort of fraud.  We're not talking about the Mafia that existed 30 years ago, where the shepherd demanded a ransom or protection payment from a tradesman. "What we have here is a Mafia whose business is to commit fraud with EU funds.  And to carry out this sort of fraud, you need more than just a shepherd. "What it requires is a network of people, people with schooling and education, people who know how the system works, because the first step in perpetrating this sort of fraud is to set up a company," says the police commissioner. Mr Antoci has tried to put a stop to it. He's set in motion a new law that states that anyone claiming EU subsidies on land must now show anti-Mafia certification.  In Italy, this means complying with regulations that require that a company's shareholders and directors have no restrictions, limitations and bans according to anti-mafia regulations. Sceptics say this is hardly enough to stop the fraud from being repeated, pointing out that many will simply make use of proxies to make claims on their behalf. The European Union's anti-fraud office, Olaf, says it is reviewing 35,000 applications for agricultural subsidies in Italy covering some 500m euros in disbursements going back all the way to 2006. It has also started nine criminal proceedings, all of which involve a network of organised crime.  But this 500m euros (Â£447m) that the EU is looking into is far less than the 3. 5bn euros that Mr Antoci and the local police force say may have been fraudulently claimed. "I can tell you that there is a very strong commitment at the level of the EU as well as the level of national authorities to fight this kind of phenomenon," says Francesco Albore, the head of the Olaf unit investigating the matter. Another 2. 2bn euros have been earmarked in EU and Italian government funds for rural and agricultural development in the six years to 2020.  So what guarantees are there that all those funds will be properly distributed?Mr Albore says it's difficult to guarantee but points out the EU also demands guarantees that payments go to the correct recipients.  Where this is not the case, he says, "payments can be stopped. "Meanwhile, back in Sicily, Mr Antoci's efforts to fight this fraud have come at a high personal price. He's suffered death threats and now lives under permanent armed guard. Last year, as he was being driven home through the Nebrodi national park following a late night dinner, his car came under a volley of gunfire. If he's alive today, he says, it's only thanks to his armed guard and the fact that his car was being followed by that of the deputy police commissioner Daniele Manganaro who managed to scupper the attack by firing back. In the aftermath, there were attempts to discredit his investigation.  Some Italian media reports questioned the authenticity of the attack, suggesting Mr Antoci and the local police force had made it up.  But it's only made him more determined. "You know, afterwards, they found petrol bombs hidden in nearby bushes," Mr Antoci says.  "They wanted me dead.  But my first thought as I was being saved that night was for my family and for all the police officers who guard me - the sacrifices they have to make for this battle I've chosen to wage. "Still, one businessman I speak to, who's been subjected to similar threats for not handing over land, complains that he's had little support from local Sicilian political authorities in his fight to protect his land. Which is why, back in the foothills of Mount Etna, Sebastiano Blanco wears a T-shirt emblazoned with the words: "Rural mafia - a protected species". "It's 2017," he says.  "How can this be happening in our day and age?"He gestures at the smoking volcano, looming large in the distance over his land. "This is a Unesco world heritage site," he says.
The 33-year-old, whose previous clubs also include Derry City and Tranmere Rovers, played 114 times for Rovers. "It is great to be involved with such a great club as Crusaders - I hope I can bring more success to everyone here on the Shore Road," said McChrystal. "They have shown over the last lot of years how good a team they are in winning Premierships and other cups. "McChrystal is the latest summer signing for the Crues after the arrival of Brian Jensen, Sean Ward, Jamie Glackin and Mark McAllister. "I am extremely pleased to get Mark to the club," said Seaview boss Stephen Baxter. "His pedigree is exactly what we need to join us and he will bring a vast amount of experience as we go into the new season.
His comments, made during a closed-session meeting in the Hungarian capital Budapest, were accidentally broadcast to reporters. He said the EU was the only major power to attach "political" conditions to its relationship with Israel. This, he said, was damaging to the bloc's security and economic interests. The EU has repeatedly condemned Israel's building of Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank. In comments picked up on the headphones of reporters waiting outside the meeting, Mr Netanyahu told the prime ministers of Hungary, the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovakia: "The European Union is the only association of countries in the world that conditions the relations with Israel. . .  on political conditions.  The only ones. "He was referring to the EU's insistence on terms relating to the Israeli-Palestinian peace process being included in its Association Agreement with Israel, signed in 2000 and not subsequently updated. "It's crazy.  It's actually crazy," he said.  "It's not about my interest.  I'm talking about Europe's interest. "We have a special relationship with China.  And they don't care.  They don't care about the political issues. "He added that India and Russia had a similar approach, and urged the four prime ministers to push for a deal on a new Association Agreement. "There is no logic here.  The EU is undermining its security by undermining Israel.  Europe is undermining its progress by undermining its connection with Israeli innovation by a crazy attempt to create conditions. "He added: "I think Europe has to decide if it wants to live and thrive or if it wants to shrivel and disappear. "I am not very politically correct.  I know that's a shock to some of you.  It's a joke.  But the truth is the truth.  Both about Europe's security and Europe's economic future.  Both of these concerns mandate a different policy toward Israel. "Mr Netanyahu also criticised the policies of former US President Barack Obama's administration, saying things had improved since Donald Trump took office. "We had a big problem.  I think its different now.  Vis-a-vis Iran, there is a stronger position.  The US is more engaged in the region and conducting more bombings. "He also admitted that Israel had carried out dozens of attacks against Iranian-backed militia group Hezbollah's arms convoys in Syria. "I told [Russian President Vladimir] Putin, when we see them transferring weapons to Hezbollah, we will hurt them.  We did it dozens of times," he said. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who has been an outspoken opponent of  Muslim immigration to Europe, later told reporters: "We share Israel's notion of protecting external borders.  If Europe does not co-operate with Israel, it is punishing itself.
The Uruguayan, 25, was signed from Nacional two years ago but made just six league appearances for Boro, three of them as a substitute. He ended last season on loan at Spanish second-tier side Real Oviedo, where he played seven times and scored once. Boro say they have decided to end his contract in order to help him find a new club.
Mr Johnson highlighted growing concerns among students about not getting good value for money. He also warned universities to stop "excessive" pay for vice-chancellors. But Mr Johnson rejected calls to scrap tuition fees - saying it would be a "disaster of historic proportions". The Russell Group of leading universities was lukewarm in its response to the idea of a binding contract - warning of "unintended consequences" and saying that "no one would want to see standards undermined by the risk of legal action". Labour said that talk about value for money for students was a "smokescreen" to cover for the unpopularity of the rising cost of fees. In a speech to the Reform think tank in London, Mr Johnson fought back against calls to stop the rise in tuition fees and interest rates on loans. The Institute for Fiscal Studies has warned that higher fees of £9,250 and interest rates rising to 6. 1% will mean graduates leaving university with debts of more than £50,000 on average. Former Education Minister Lord Adonis has called such high levels of fees and interest charges "indefensible", and the head of the Russell Group of universities has called for a reassessment of interest rates. But Mr Johnson, while saying such charges would be kept "under review", he defended the principles underlying the current system as progressive and providing the funding for extra university places. Mr Johnson said it was "outrageous" and "entirely false" to suggest that higher tuition fees had deterred disadvantaged students from going to university - and that entry rates for young people from poorer backgrounds were at record levels. Labour's policy of scrapping tuition fees would mean universities depending on government funding, said Mr Johnson, and he said that if higher education was competing against other pressures on public spending, universities would see their budgets squeezed. It would mean a "long decline into mediocrity", said Mr Johnson, and a falling number of places. He said the cost of scrapping fees, clearing existing student-loan debts and repaying students who had already paid off their loans would require a 2. 5p hike in the basic rate of income tax. But he also called for the university system to become much more responsive to the needs of students. Mr Johnson said the newly established Office for Students would consider how to introduce contracts for all students, giving them a way of contesting the quality of their courses. This would cover areas such as contact time, resources and assessments. "Although contracts do exist in various forms in some institutions, most of them do not provide enough detail to be useful," said Mr Johnson. "Providing students with greater contractual certainty", said Mr Johnson, would "help to address much of the dissatisfaction over seeming poor value-for-money of undergraduate education". Mr Johnson said such contracts would tackle problems of "non-delivery" for students and would give them "some form of redress", which could include "legal remedies". The minister also told universities to restrain pay for vice-chancellors - with dozens of university heads now receiving over £300,000 and some being paid more than £400,000. "When students and taxpayers invest so heavily in our higher education system, value for money should be guaranteed.   Yet, I am still hearing students say that their course is poor quality. "This is not good enough, especially when some vice-chancellors take home a wage that in some cases exceeds that of the prime minister. "But Labour's universities spokesman, Gordon Marsden, said Mr Johnson was "completely toothless" over vice-chancellors' pay and his complaints would be "kicked into the long grass". "His announcements today are a smokescreen to dodge mounting evidence that the cost of loans is pushing students away from applying to university and forcing more to drop out," said Mr Marsden.
Her Royal Highness took the baton at the Hamburg Symphony Orchestra's new home, the Elbphilharmonie concert hall. It was part of an event where 250 schoolchildren were introduced to music in front of the Duke and Duchess. The Royal party are due back in the UK on Friday evening, after a five-day tour that began in Poland on Monday. On the last day of the tour, the Duchess, who comes from a musical family and played the flute at school, took the musicians through the first notes of Beethoven's fifth symphony. The royal couple then listened to a performance of a symphony especially adapted for young people, and then went on stage to learn more about the orchestra. Earlier, Catherine and William walked around the stage accompanying six children trying out different instruments, including a violin, flute, timpani [kettle drums] and trombone. Later the Duke of Cambridge gave Prince George and Princess Charlotte a guided tour of a helicopter at the Airbus factory in Hamburg. Prince George tried on a pilot's helmet while Princess Charlotte played with buttons in the cockpit. The Duke flew helicopters when he was an air ambulance pilot. Antoine van Gent, head of flight testing at Airbus, said: "The Duke was very relaxed showing his children the professional aircraft he uses. "George was excited, with the first helicopter he wanted to sit in the cockpit and then he wanted to sit in the next one, he already knew there was a difference between them. "Charlotte was less impressed after taking a tumble on the concrete after leaving the aircraft but Mr van Gent said she enjoyed playing in the pilot's seat.
Rory Gallagher's side have recovered from the disappointment of their heavy Ulster semi-final defeat to Tyrone with narrow wins over Longford and Meath. Galway enter into Round 4A of the qualifier series after surrendering their Connacht title to Roscommon. Cian Mulligan is the only injury concern for Donegal with a quad strain. Following their nine point loss to Tyrone in the Ulster championship, Donegal returned to winning ways with a hard-fought victory over Longford and then came out on top of a thrilling shoot-out against Meath earlier this month. 2012 Footballer of the Year Karl Lacey will equal Christy Toye's record of 65 championship appearances for Donegal if he features on Saturday. Galway had a strong start to their season when they beat Kildare to finish top of Division Two of the National League and earned promotion to Division One for next season. Kevin McStay's side beat arch-rivals Mayo in their Connacht championship semi-final but they will be disappointed with the way they lost their provincial title after a heavy nine-point loss to Roscommon in the Connacht final.
Ineos wants to conduct seismic surveys at Clumber Park in Nottinghamshire to see if there is potential for fracking. The firm said the charity had blocked any contact for almost a year and it was considering seeking a court order. The National Trust said it opposed any activities leading to the extraction of fossil fuels, so rejected requests. Moves to look for shale gas in the Sherwood Forest area have proved controversial due to environmental concerns over extraction - known as fracking - and expansion of fossil fuel use. Ineos said it already had permission from nearby landowners for the the non-invasive survey and its ability to extract gas would be "significantly limited" if it could not get on to Clumber Park. "If the National Trust refuses to change its position, Ineos will have no choice but to write to the Oil and Gas Authority, asking for permission to seek a court order enforcing its rights to carry out these surveys on National Trust land," it said in a statement. The company said government licences gave it a legal obligation to investigate shale gas deposits around the country and criticised the charity's position as "overtly political" as shale gas had lower carbon emissions than either oil and gas. A National Trust spokesman said: "The National Trust is opposed to fracking on its land and will reject any fracking requests or inquiries. "Consistent with this, we say no to surveying on our land for fracking purposes.
The money will be used for renewable energy projects with a particular focus on wave and tidal power generation. Known as the Bryden Centre for Advanced Marine and Bio-Energy Research, it will recruit 34 PhD students and six post-doctoral research associates. Funding is from the Interreg programme which supports projects in NI.Some border counties of the Republic of Ireland and western Scotland also benefit from the Interreg programme. Aside from marine energy projects the centre will focus on the anaerobic digestion of agri-food waste. Match-funding for the projects has been provided by the Department for the Economy in Northern Ireland and the Department of Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation in the Irish Republic. Partner organisations include the Ulster University, the Letterkenny Institute of Technology and the University of Highlands and Islands. Gina McIntyre, the chief executive of the Special EU Programmes Body, which manages Interreg, said the project was aimed at tackling the low level of industry-relevant research and innovation in the local renewables sector. "The Bryden Centre project will help address this issue by creating a new centre of competence made up of dedicated PhD students creating high quality research with strong commercial potential," Ms McIntyre added. The Interreg programme has a total value of £240m, which is due to be distributed by 2020.
Mitchell won the women's 5,000m title as she clocked 16:27. 08 to finish over eight seconds ahead of Letterkenny's Annmarie McGlynn. Queen's athlete Mitchell has achieved Commonwealth Games consideration standards in the 5,000m and 10,000m. Derry Track Club's Kirk-Smith won the men's 3,000m steeplechase in 8:55. 72. Kirk-Smith has also bettered the steeplechase Commonwealth Games consideration standard. His winning time left him over 22 seconds ahead of runner-up Clonliffe's Jayme Rossiter. Ciara Mageean eased into Sunday's 800m final with a dominant heat performance. World Championships-bound Mageean clocked 2:11. 92 which left her ahead of City of Lisburn's Kelly Neely, who ran 2:13. 13 to also progress. Letterkenny man Mark English won his 800m heat in 1:53. 35 to qualify for the men's decider. Raheny's Kevin Dooney won the men's 10,000m title in 29:30. 16 as he finished over five seconds ahead of marathon specialist Mick Clohisey. Cork athlete Phil Healy won the women's 200m title in 23. 56 seconds while Carrick-on-Shannon's Eanna Madden was just outside 21 seconds as he took the men's title in 21. 07 with Clonliffe's Jeremy Phillips second in 21. 14. Marcus Lawler was an absentee from the men's event because of injury with Amy Foster skipping the women's 200m to concentrate on Sunday's 100m. In-form Brian Gregan led the qualifiers for Sunday's 400m final where Ballymena & Antrim's Craig Newell will also be in action. Sunday will be the main day of finals action at the Santry meeting with Thomas Barr and Kerry O'Flaherty, Ben Reynolds and Adam McMullan among the athletes who will compete, while Mitchell will aim to complete a double in the women's 1500m final.
The 24-year-old Australian has spent his entire professional career to date at Newcastle, making his debut in 2014. He has made 44 appearances, five of them coming in 2017. "His position is one that we identified at the start of the season that we did not have a great deal of depth," said Trinity head coach Chris Chester. "By bringing in Tyler, it will bring in a genuine competition and add quality to what is already a strong squad.
"None of the computers or machines worked except for the General Electric-powered machines like the MRIs [magnetic resonance imaging]," recalled Mykhailo Radutskyi, president of the Boris Clinic - Kiev's largest medical clinic. His radiologists decided to turn off the body scanners anyway as a precautionary measure after the building's IT system went down at two o'clock in the morning in late June. Doctors across the centre had to resort to taking records solely by paper and pen for the first time since the mid-1990s. "The main problem for us was that Ukrainian law requires us to keep all our patient info for 25 years, and we lost that medical documentation for the 24 hours when our systems were down," Mr Radutskyi divulged. "But thankfully we keep back-ups, so we didn't lose any information. "All in all, Mr Radutskyi reckons his clinic's damage tally totalled $60,000 (Â£46,000). Others have been unwilling to reveal how badly they were hit.  Oschadbank - one of the country's biggest lenders - was among those that declined an interview with the BBC.Even now, almost a month after the so-called NotPetya strike, some companies inside and outside the nation are still facing disruption. Ukraine's top cyber-cop disclosed that some of the nation's largest companies were still too scared to share the full scale of the fallout with his investigators. And Sergiy Demedyuk - head of Ukraine's ministry of internal affairs' cybercrime division - added he has come to believe there are aftershocks still to come since the hackers appear to have compromised their targets for some time before they pounced, and might still be sitting on data they could yet exploit. NotPetya initially appeared to be a ransomware attack, but many now suspect its blackmail demands were a cover for something more ominous. Experts who have spoken to the BBC are seemingly sure of two things: first, Ukraine was the target, and second, it was not about money. Despite denials, suspicion has fallen on Ukraine's eastern neighbour, Russia. "Cyber-attacks are just one part of Russia's wider efforts to destabilise the country," Nato's former chief civil servant Anders Fogh Rasmussen told the BBC."In my time as secretary general we agreed that a cyber-attack could trigger Nato's mutual defence clause. "The Alliance has been assisting Ukraine especially with monitoring and investigating security incidents.  However. . .  more support is also needed for prevention. "One cybersecurity veteran has been investigating how a local software developer's program, MeDoc, came to be hijacked to spread the malware. "It wasn't just [a case of] take over MeDoc's update server and push out NotPetya," explained Nicholas Weaver from University of California, Berkeley. "Instead, they had previously compromised MeDoc, made it into a remote-control Trojan, and then they were willing to burn this asset to launch this attack," he added, referring to the fact the servers have since been confiscated by the police. "That really is huge. "MeDoc's tax filing services were used by more than 400,000 customers across Ukraine, representing about 90% of its domestic firms. Although it was not mandatory for local companies to use it, by virtue of its ubiquity, it's almost as if it were. "This was gold they had, basically a control point in almost every business that does business in Ukraine," said Mr Weaver. "And they burned this resource in order to launch this destructive attack. "Mr Demedyuk said his police force had concrete evidence that MeDoc was hacked a long time ago and had been used to spy on economic activity within Ukraine. "The [developers] claimed on their website that it was certificated, that it had been examined with international audit and it's 100% safe.  In fact, it wasn't true," he added. One ex-US Army cyber-expert said the hackers might have felt forced to carry out their attack through fear that MeDoc's computer servers were about to slip out of their control. "If you read [security firm] ESET's report, you see that they gained and lost access repeatedly as legitimate MeDocs updates were pushed," Jon Nichols said. "It is possible that the actors just wanted to cause as much damage as they could before they lost control again. "This theory is backed up by another US expert. "It's not unheard of if you think you'll lose your position to launch prematurely," said Beau Woods deputy director of the Atlantic Council's Cyber Statecraft Initiative. He added that if the perpetrators had, indeed, gathered financial data about most of Ukraine's companies, they might still find ways to cause further damage. Mr Demedyuk said that although only four police officers had been assigned to his NotPetya investigation full-time, he had about 300 people across Ukraine supporting the inquiry. Furthermore, he has met with Interpol to discuss ways to share information with other international authorities. While they try to unravel how the attack was carried out, others are preparing for follow-up cyber-assaults. In particular, the chief executive of Ukraine's state-owned energy giant Ukrenergo is concerned it will be a target. "All our life as an independent country in the last 25 years, we've been connected to the Russian power grid and they've balanced us," Vsevolod Kovalchuk told the BBC.However, he explained, an agreement his firm has struck with European electricity transmission operators to modernise Ukraine's power grid might have put the firm in Moscow's cross-hairs. It might sound like paranoia, but Ukrenergo had already been hit by two cyber-attacks prior to NotPetya. One occurred just before Christmas. "That virus worked in our local network for over one year," Mr Kovalchuk said. "It collected information and after collecting the information, the hackers put another malware specific for our northern substation and switched it off for 15 minutes.  It was only a test but they tried and it was successful. "Before that Ukrenergo was caught up in the infamous Black Energy attack, in December 2015.  It took down half a city's power for three hours in the dead of winter. The two incidents meant the firm was already battle-hardened when it was infected by NotPetya. "A dispatcher called me and said they couldn't do anything because all of their screens had turned black and were asking for money," recalled Mr Kovalchuk. "That was at 11:02 EET [Eastern European Time], and then several minutes later, other computers were in the same situation so I called to my chief IT officer and asked what is this, is this WannaCry or something similar?" he said referring to a ransomware attack that disrupted the NHS and others in May. "We disconnected our networks, switched off our computers, and then we used our protocols from the past, using paper standards, phones and continued to operate without any computers, without databases, without any systems. "This time round, the electricity grid was unharmed and power flowed uninterrupted.  But the company was left without secondary functions for 10 days. For Ukraine, the most important questions from here on seem to be: How bad does an attack have to be before serious international attention is paid to it? And: At what point does it become a war crime?"I think that every six months, we'll see attacks," predicted Prof Michael Schmitt, lead author of the Tallinn Manual - the definitive international legal guide to cyber-conflict. "Even though I'm not 100% sure that it's Russia, I don't understand which other country could attack Ukraine.  It's the only logical answer. "And Ukrainian cybersecurity experts like Alexey Yankovski believe every single business is at risk. "Ukraine is a playground for attacks, and a large part of the cyber-security community here believes that most of the companies have already been infected," he told the BBC."Every company here should be prepared for the fact that it will be hacked sooner or later. "This week BBC News is taking a close look at all aspects of cyber-security.  The coverage is timed to coincide with the two biggest shows in the security calendar - Black Hat and Def Con. We will have further features and videos on Wednesday, and then coverage from the two Las Vegas-based events over the following days.
The former Newcastle striker, 26, was jailed for eight months in May after admitting online banking fraud. Southend boss Phil Brown expects Ranger to return to training before their first League One game on 5 August. "When the season starts, we'll try to get games behind closed doors so he can get a level of match fitness," Brown told BBC Essex. After Ranger pleaded guilty to conspiracy to defraud by obtaining bank details and transferring money, Southend said they would consider the player's future. Speaking after their pre-season friendly defeat by Brighton on Tuesday, Brown said: "Nile has to understand that these players are playing with discipline and have done for the last three or four weeks. "The best we will get out of Nile is probably a week's work and that won't be enough for him to be fit for the [start of the] season. "Ranger joined Southend in August 2016 and scored eight goals in 27 league appearances last season.
Helmut Oberlander says he was forced to act as a translator for the squad and did not participate in atrocities. He has fought three prior attempts by Canada to strip his citizenship and won. His lawyer says Mr Oberlander will also fight this latest citizenship revocation, calling it "persecution". A spokeswoman with Citizenship Canada said in a statement to the BBC that "we don't take citizenship revocation lightly, but it is necessary in cases of fraud and serious misrepresentation". Canada says that when Mr Oberlander  applied for entry to Canada in 1954, he obtained his citizenship by knowingly concealing that he had been an auxiliary of the Einsatzkommando, a force that operated behind the German army's front line in the Eastern occupied territories. The squad is responsible for killing more than two million people, many of them Jewish people. "We are determined to deny safe haven in Canada to war criminals and persons believed to have committed or been complicit in war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide," said Citizenship Canada's Lisa Filipps. Mr Oberlander has argued in court that he was conscripted, had no alternative than to work for the Germans, and would have been subject to the harshest penalties had he disobeyed. Canada has revoked his citizenship three times since 1995.   Each time it was overturned on appeal. In 2016, Canada's Supreme Court refused to hear the government's appeal of a lower court ruling that Ottawa should reconsider its decision to revoke Mr Oberlander's citizenship. His lawyer Ronald Poulton says Canada "appears prepared to hound Mr Oberlander and his family to his grave". "In order to find Mr.  Oberlander complicit in war crimes, given his limited and forced participation with the German military, they had attempted to stretch fiction into fact and to rely on an outdated archaic principle known as guilt by association," he said. Mr.  Oberlander was born in Halbstadt, Ukraine in 1924, and he obtained his Canadian citizenship in 1960. Shimon Koffler Fogel, with the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs, praised Canada for its "tireless" efforts to strip Mr Oberlander of his citizenship. "This latest development is an important milestone in bringing a measure of justice to his many victims and their families," he said in a statement. Mr Oberlander's case is expected to be back before a federal court within the next six months.
It was the Exiles' first pre-season defeat this summer, and a huge boost for new Welsh Premier side Barry. Wrexham were 2-0 winners away at Altrincham. Goals by Marcus Kelly in the first half and Chris Holroyd's flick header in the second half, gave the visitors the victory as they made up for Saturday's defeat by Nantwich.
The 45-55 vote marks the second defeat for Republicans aiming to pass a bill this week to undo the health policy. The vote came a day after the Senate rejected a plan to repeal and replace the health law with a Republican plan. Senators will now consider a "skinny" repeal, which would scale back some of the more controversial provisions. The "skinny" plan would eliminate unpopular parts of Obamacare - the Affordable Care Act - including the individual mandate requiring all Americans to have health insurance coverage as well as a tax on medical devices. If that measure passes, the Senate and House of Representatives would then be tasked with finalising a bill that could still change during negotiations. If successful, the full House and Senate would again have to approve the measure. Seven Republicans opposed the repeal-only plan on Wednesday, which included a two-year delay on a replacement in the hope of finding agreement before that time elapses. The defeat is the latest blow for President Donald Trump, who put repealing Obamacare at the centre of his election campaign, and underscores sharp divisions within the Republican Party over a replacement plan. A proposal to repeal and replace Obamacare with the Better Care Reconciliation Act (BCRA), a Republican plan that was crafted over last two months, collapsed on Tuesday night after nine Republicans voted against it. Republicans have long railed against Obamacare as government overreach, criticising the system for introducing government-run marketplaces, where premiums have risen sharply for some people. The party's proposed alternative included steep cuts to Medicaid, a healthcare programme for the poor and disabled. And it removes Obamacare's individual mandate requiring all Americans to have health insurance or pay a tax penalty. About 20 million people gained health insurance under former President Obama's Affordable Care Act. The non-partisan Congressional Budgetary Office (CBO) found the bill would strip 22 million Americans of health insurance over the next decade. Other attempts to replace Obamacare have failed in recent weeks due to Republican divisions. In an early morning tweet on Wednesday, Mr Trump lambasted Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska for opposing the party's plan, saying she "really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday.  Too bad!"Mrs Murkowski was one of two Republicans earlier on Tuesday to vote against allowing the debate on healthcare legislation reform to go forward. But her party eked out a victory after Vice President Mike Pence cast the tie-breaking vote which allowed discussion to take place. Senator John McCain, who was recently diagnosed with an aggressive brain tumour, received a standing ovation as he returned to Congress to cast his "Yes" vote. President Trump tweeted his thanks to the Arizona senator for playing "such a vital role" in the vote.
Guy Hedger, 61, died in the early hours of 30 April after intruders reportedly broke into his home in Ashley, near Ringwood, and opened fire with a shotgun. Marine officers are searching a section of the River Stour in West Parley. Three men appeared in court in May accused of Mr Hedger's murder. Det Ch Insp Sarah Derbyshire of Dorset Police said: "We received intelligence to suggest that the weapon would be in this area and by searching the river today we hope to recover it. "Earlier this week the charity Crimestoppers put up a Â£10,000 reward for information leading to the recovery of the firearm used and jewellery stolen during the raid. Kevin Downton, 40, of Winterborne Stickland near Blandford, Jason Baccus, 41, and Scott Keeping, 44, both of Verney Close, Bournemouth, have been charged with murder and are due at Winchester Crown Court at a later date to enter pleas. Helen Cooper, 40, from Poole, has been charged with assisting an offender. A 45-year-old-man from Poole and a 39-year-old Bournemouth man were arrested in May on suspicion of conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary and released while inquiries continue.
The 24-year-old, who has played for Greece at junior level, joins on a free transfer from Olympiacos - also owned by Forest owner Evangelos Marinakis. Bouchalakis had been expected to sign a loan deal with Forest. But he impressed in training and in friendlies with Notts County and Mansfield and has signed until 2020. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The 25-year-old joined the Blues from Reading in August 2015 but has yet to make his debut for the Premier League champions. He was loaned back to the Royals in 2015-16 before spending last season with German side Eintracht Frankfurt. Hector has also had spells with five non-league sides, as well as spells in Republic of Ireland and Scotland. The Jamaica international has played for Bracknell Town, Didcot Town, Havant and Waterlooville, Oxford City, Horsham, Dundalk, Barnet, Shrewsbury, Aldershot, Cheltenham, Aberdeen, Reading and Frankfurt. He could make his Tigers debut against Aston Villa on Saturday, 6 August. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The 59-year-old was the first American to manage a Premier League club, but lasted just 85 days before being sacked by the Swans in December 2016. They won just two of the former USA and Egypt manager's 11 games in charge. Los Angeles, who are led by an ownership group of 27 people including Hollywood actor Will Ferrell, will join the MLS for the 2017-18 season. The team, also co-owned by basketball legend Magic Johnson and former Cardiff City chairman Vincent Tan, will play at the purpose built 22,000-seater Banc of California Stadium.
Violence erupted on the outskirts of Jerusalem's Old City and across the occupied West Bank after the end of Muslim Friday prayers. Two Palestinians were reported killed by troops - one an alleged assailant in the West Bank, the other in Gaza. Tension remains despite the end of a stand-off at the holy site. Palestinians returned to the hilltop site known to Muslims as Haram al-Sharif and Jews as the Temple Mount on Thursday after Islamic authorities lifted a two-week boycott called in protest at new Israeli security measures there. Israel removed all the security apparatus following intense pressure to defuse the crisis after days of deadly clashes. The measures, including metal detectors, security cameras and other infrastructure, were put in place after two Israeli policemen were shot dead by three Israeli Arabs who Israel said had smuggled their weapons into the site. Despite the moves, clashes broke out in and around the compound on Thursday night, leaving 136 Palestinians wounded, Palestinian medics said. There had been fears of further violence as worshippers gathered in East Jerusalem on Friday morning.  Israeli police barred Palestinian men under the age of 50 from entering the Old City, site of the holy compound, limiting thousands of Palestinians to pray in the streets outside. The restriction is sometimes used during periods of tension to try to prevent violent protests inside the compound. While most of the crowds dispersed peacefully, brief clashes erupted in the Wadi Joz district, close to the Old City. By evening all restrictions were lifted and Palestinians of all ages were allowed into the mosque compound, Israeli and Palestinian sources said. Violence also broke out in the West Bank cities of Qalqilya, Nablus, Hebron, Tulkarm, Ramallah and the outskirts of Bethlehem.  Troops fired tear gas and rubber bullets as hundreds of protesters threw rocks, local media said.  Scores of Palestinians were injured, according to Palestinian medical sources. The Israeli military said troops shot dead a Palestinian armed with a knife as he ran towards soldiers at the Gush Etzion junction, a roundabout outside a Jewish settlement bloc, about six miles (10km) south of Bethlehem. However, the Palestinian Maan news agency quoted an unnamed eyewitness as saying the man was unarmed when he was shot from 20 metres (65ft) away. In Gaza, a 16-year-old Palestinian was shot dead by Israeli troops amid clashes near the border with Israel, the health ministry run by the enclave's Hamas rulers said. Since the crisis escalated following the killing of the two policemen on 14 July, at least five Palestinians have been killed in clashes and three Israeli civilians stabbed to death by a Palestinian. Differences over the Temple Mount/Haram al-Sharif go to the core of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the complex is a flashpoint for violence. Jews revere it as the location of two Biblical Temples and the holiest place in Judaism.  It is also the al-Aqsa mosque compound, the third holiest site in Islam, where the Prophet Muhammad ascended to Heaven, according to Islamic tradition. Palestinians said Israel's new security measures upset the delicate status quo, which Israel has repeatedly pledged to maintain since occupying the area in the 1967 Middle East war. Israel said Palestinians were using the issue as a pretext to spread hostility against the Jewish state.
Redknapp has added goalkeeper David Stockdale, defender Marc Roberts and midfielder Cheikh N'Doye this summer. Ravel Morrison and Simeon Slavchev also remain on trial with the club, but the Blues manager wants more additions before the season begins on Saturday. "We're a little bit short at the moment - we need to improve the squad this week if we can," he told BBC WM."We've been trying, but it's been very difficult to get the players in who we've been chasing.  Hopefully we'll get there - it's not been through lack of effort. "Redknapp confirmed an interest in Bristol City's Aden Flint, who may be available following the arrival of Nathan Baker from Aston Villa. "I like him but we'll only pay what we can - if he's too expensive then we'll move on," he said. Following the 2-0 friendly loss to Swansea on Saturday, Redknapp also said defender Ryan Shotton could leave if the club's valuation is met. If Shotton were to go that would leave Birmingham, who missed out on John Terry to rivals Villa, with just two centre-backs going into the opening game of the Championship season at Ipswich on Saturday. "I'm not frustrated.  I'm just desperate to do well, but I need the tools to be able to do that," Redknapp said. "If I get the tools I'll do that, if I don't then it's going to be difficult.
Some people, including Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp, questioned how this transfer could be allowed under European football's governing body Uefa's Financial Fair Play (FFP) rules. Remember, the £198m is only the initial outlay - PSG will also have to pay the Brazilian star that amount in wages over a five-year contract, as well as hefty fees to his father who is his agent and insurance premiums to protect their investment. Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu had threatened to report PSG to Uefa for breaching FFP rules. But Uefa does not have the power to block the deal.  In a statement, it told the BBC: "We are not in a position to stop clubs from buying players, but the clubs will face sanctions if they fail to abide by Financial Fair Play rules. "Uefa introduced break-even FFP rules in 2013 to stop clubs accumulating too much debt and to prevent wealthy owners from injecting too much cash into their clubs. The rules state that over a three-year period a club like PSG, which is owned by the Gulf state of Qatar via its Oryx Qatar Sports Investments fund, can spend 30m euros more than it earns. It is possible that PSG has accumulated lots of profits over the past two years to make it easier for them to make such a big outlay in the current year. Uefa allows spending on things like stadiums, youth development and women's teams to be excluded from the calculations. Barcelona was given the whole transfer fee up front, but that does not mean it has to all be accounted for in the current year. "For FFP accounting purposes, the transfer fee will be divided over the length of the player's contract," says Daniel Geey, a sports lawyer at Sheridans. "So if it's a five-year deal, that will count as around £40m of transfer spending per year. "But £40m a year plus wages is still a hefty outlay, so how might PSG balance the books?There has been much talk of the club recouping the outlay by selling lots of Neymar shirts, but Mr Geey is not optimistic. "It's a complete misnomer that clubs make a fortune from shirt sales increasing after big transfers," he says. Kit deals tend to involve a big outlay up front with only limited profit-sharing of 10% to 15% after a certain number of shirts have been sold, he explains, so many millions of extra shirts would have to be sold to make serious inroads into the extra spending. Of course, it may mean the club receives more money from Nike when it comes to renegotiate, but its current deal runs until 2022. PSG is presumably confident that such a high-profile player will help it to sign other commercial deals and there is no limit to the number of official products they could have. We do not know what deal has been struck over Neymar's image rights, but if PSG can get a proportion of those it will help with meeting the FFP rules. Then there is money to be earned on the pitch.  PSG is already making a considerable amount of money in the Champions League - in the last five years it has reached the quarter-finals four times and been knocked out in the round of 16 once. Last year, a team getting to the semi-final was paid an extra 7. 5m euros (£6. 7m), the losing finalists earned 11m euros (£9. 9m) and the winner 15. 5m euros (£14m).  And that's just prize money, there are other pots of cash distributed to successful teams. The club came second in the French league last year but had won the title for the previous four years so there is not much scope for extra prize money there. They may argue that their huge acquisition will make French football more popular and lead to more lucrative television deals from around the world, but that would be a big impact for a single player, although it might help them sell expensive hospitality packages at their stadium the Parc des Princes. Of course, PSG could always balance the books by selling a few of their existing players, but losing them would not help their Champions' League ambitions. PSG fell foul of the FFP rules in 2014 when Uefa ruled that a £167m commercial contract with the Qatar Tourism Authority was unfairly generous - effectively, the governing body ruled that Qatar had been using the contract to bypass the FFP rules. They were given a £20m fine, their spending was capped at £49m and they competed in the 2014-15 Champions League with 21 players in their squad instead of the usual 25.
The England opener hit nine sixes and nine fours to take Notts to 106-0 off the first six overs at Trent Bridge. Hales, 28, almost equalled Chris Gayle's fastest-ever T20 century, which came off 30 deliveries, but top-edged James Weighell to the wicketkeeper. Notts chased down Durham's 183-7 in just 13. 5 overs to win by five wickets. Jets spinner Cameron Steel conceded 60 off his four overs. Nottinghamshire's 106 runs in the Powerplay overtook the previous best of 105-0 made by Kolkata Knight Riders against Royal Challengers Bangalore in the IPL earlier this year. In the other North Group game, Ben Duckett hit an unbeaten 92 for Northants in their 24-run victory against Worcestershire at New Road. The Outlaws, who now sit top of the group, had raced to 55-0 off 4. 1 overs when a heavy rain shower forced the players off. On their return Hales and his opening partner Riki Wessels teed off. Brydon Carse's fifth over went for 27 either side of the rain delay, before Hales struck three sixes and two fours as 28 runs came off spinner Ryan Pringle's sixth. Hales cleared the rope three more times in Steel's next over, meaning a staggering 75 runs had been scored in just 18 deliveries leaving Notts 126-0 off seven overs. He eventually fell at the start of the eighth over, while attempting to drive Weighell for his 10th maximum. Hales later said "he was thinking about Gayle's fastest T20 record" during his innings. The West Indian's 30-ball hundred came in the 2013 IPL for Royal Challengers Bangalore and he finished with a world-record 175 not out. Hales is now the leading scorer in the 2017 T20 Blast, with 445 runs in 10 innings at a strike-rate of more than 212. "I knew there was a chance to go for the quickest T20 century of all-time and you don't get those opportunities very often,"  he said. "I love batting at Trent Bridge, for me it is utter paradise, the wickets are great and there are some short boundaries, so I knew there was a chance of doing it.  It's a special feeling to play here and to get so many in the Powerplay overs with Riki. "As a team we've got real momentum at the moment and hopefully we can keep it going.
The host nation are one of eight countries competing in Glasgow to win promotion to the sport's top division. Scotland will face France, Portugal and Ukraine in Pool A, with the overall championship winners and runners-up elevated to the top tier. "I honestly think home advantage does help," Forsyth said. "It gives you that buzz of playing in front of friends and family who don't often get to come see you. "The forward is the son of national head coach Derek Forsyth, and one of only two Scots in the GB hockey squad.  The 25-year-old is also the youngest player to reach 50 appearances for the Blue Sticks, and hopes hosting the continental tournament will help raise the sport's profile in his homeland. Scottish hockey participation has risen by 40% since the creation of the National Hockey Centre ahead of the 2014 Glasgow Commonwealth Games. "Once you come see it, you get a totally different opinion on it and I think that's really important," Forsyth added.  "There's more to it than just a stick and a ball. "Captain Chris Grassick says the Scots head into the tournament buoyed by confidence, after narrowly missing out on a World Cup place with a 1-1 draw against Canada at the World League semi-final tournament in June. Scotland begin their campaign against France on Sunday, with the final held on Saturday, 12 August. "We've trained really hard since the World League in London," Grassick, who plays for Surbiton, said.  "It'll be a good test against France here.  We're the underdogs for that game on paper but we'll back ourselves when it comes down to it. "Playing at home brings different pressures.  There's an expectation from the crowd for you to turn up and deliver from the start.  We've got to focus on our play and not get too carried away.
Latham smashed Colin Ackermann for six to reach his hundred but was caught behind off Neil Dexter for 124. Opener Steel went on to make his century off 242 balls, before passing his previous first-class best of 128. Dieter Klein claimed a couple of late wickets but Steel ended unbeaten on 145 as Durham closed on 324-4.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe home side, leading by 136 on first innings, wobbled to 153-7 before Moeen's 59-ball knock took them 224-8 when rain forced an early close. Under-fire opener Keaton Jennings managed only 18. South Africa were earlier bowled out for 226 and will begin day four 360 runs behind. The Proteas already need to break the record for the highest successful run-chase on this ground, with the pitch showing further signs of turn and uneven bounce. England, 2-1 up, are chasing their first home series win against South Africa since 1998. Media playback is not supported on this deviceBar captain Joe Root, who made a typically unflustered 49, none of the England top order were able to take advantage of home side's superior position in the game. Collectively, South Africa's attack was excellent, none more so than pace bowler Duanne Olivier, who picked up three wickets in the Manchester gloom. When Jonny Bairstow became the seventh wicket to fall, England were 289 ahead and in danger of letting South Africa back in. Moeen, though, counter-attacked, dishing out some particularly brutal treatment to the previously economical Keshav Maharaj. Targeting the leg side, left-hander Moeen hit the left-arm spinner for three sixes, sharing an eighth-wicket stand of 58 with Toby Roland-Jones, who contributed 11. When the rain arrived at 17:15 BST, Moeen had taken 38 runs from the previous 22 balls he faced. Media playback is not supported on this deviceSouth Africa began the day on 220-9 and lost their last wicket when Olivier top-edged to Bairstow. Trailing by such a large margin, they needed everything to go their way with the ball and, though the bowlers played their part, they were not always backed up in the field. Jennings was dropped by Dean Elgar at third slip and Dawid Malan put down by a diving Temba Bavuma, with Kagiso Rabada the unfortunate bowler on both occasions. A potential Ben Stokes edge off Morne Morkel did not result in an appeal, with the same batsman put down by Heino Kuhn at short mid-wicket off Olivier. Bairstow and Roland-Jones also survived tough chances to Hashim Amla and Faf du Plessis respectively. None were particularly costly in terms of runs, but the same cannot be said about an edge from Moeen off Maharaj to Elgar at slip, which just about carried.  Moeen was on only 15 at the time. This was perhaps a last chance for Jennings, who averages 15. 87 in eight innings in this series. The Durham left-hander, the 11th different partner for Alastair Cook since 2012, had not scored when he was given a life by Elgar and battled for more than an hour before lunch. Soon after the break he slashed at Rabada to be held at first slip by Amla. If his place is the one that is most under-threat, then the other new batsmen in the England side still have work to do in order to establish themselves in Test cricket. Tom Westley, who made a half-century on debut in the third Test, made only nine before edging a drive off Morkel, already a familiar dismissal. Malan, who has managed just 35 runs in four innings, tamely inside-edged to short leg off Maharaj for six. Ex-England captain Michael Vaughan: "Maybe for Jennings it is best that he steps out of the pressure cooker, goes back to Durham and work on things. "I think he has got better, he played a few nice defensive shots and a nice shot to cover, but he's not doing it consistently. "Early in his innings he doesn't get his weight back on the ball. "Who replaces him? Hameed was poor for Lancashire today, Stoneman would be next in line I think. "Former England spinner Graeme Swann: "Calls for Ian Bell to return? I don't think he will. "His big chance was the first few games of the season and to score runs then. "You've got to look at why players aren't picked, because someone at the top doesn't rate them.  Personally, I think he is one of the best players ever, but by the end he just wasn't scoring heavily enough. "I just can't see it.
The 29-year-old made 37 appearances for the Sky Blues last season as they were relegated from League One. Reid, who has also had spells with Charlton, Bradford and Preston, could make his debut for the U's in Wednesday's EFL Cup first-round tie against Championship side Aston Villa. Colchester started the season with a 3-1 defeat at Accrington on Saturday. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Choupo-Moting, 28, is their fourth signing of the summer after Darren Fletcher, Kurt Zouma and Josh Tymon. "Eric has been on our radar for several years and we actually tried to bring him to the club four years ago," chief executive Tony Scholes said. Stoke open their Premier League season with a trip to Everton on Saturday. Choupo-Moting, who has also played for Hamburg and Mainz, has made 200 Bundesliga appearances and played in the Champions League with Schalke. A former Germany youth international, he switched international allegiance to Cameroon in 2010. He represented the Indomitable Lions at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa and has won 48 caps, scoring 13 goals. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
They include 14 Olympians, four of them gold medallists, along with two Rio 2016 Paralympic champions. The event in Sarasota-Bradenton takes place between 24 September and 1 October. European champion Victoria Thornley continues in the single scull, having also won two World Cup silver medals this season. Thornley moved to the single scull in 2017 having won silver with Dame Katherine Grainger in the double scull at the Rio Olympics. Rio gold medallists Moe Sbihi and Will Satch are included in the men's four, while another Rio champion, Tom Ransley, is part of the men's eight. London 2012 gold medal-winner Katherine Copeland is named in the lightweight double scull. Rio Paralympic champions Grace Clough and James Fox are part of the mixed coxed four crew.
De Roon moved to Teesside in June 2016 for an initial £8. 8m fee and played 33 Premier League games last term. The Netherlands international, 26, scored five goals in 36 league and cup games during his spell at Boro. Meanwhile, manager Garry Monk confirmed the Championship club's interest in signing Chelsea midfielder Lewis Baker. "He's a target and one of many that we've had throughout the summer months," said Monk. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The 29-year-old Scot has signed a two-year contract with the Gloucestershire outfit. Prior to joining Hibs in August 2016, Graham had spells at six other Scottish sides, including Dundee United, St Johnstone and Ross County. He will be available for Saturday's league visit of Crawley Town, subject to receiving international clearance. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Leg-spinner Mason Crane, called into the England Test squad earlier in the day, took 3-21 as the hosts restricted Glamorgan to 118-6 on a slow pitch. Captain James Vince (60 not out) saw Hampshire home with six overs to spare. Meanwhile, Middlesex prevailed in a tight finish at Lord's as Sussex, who needed five runs from the last over for victory, could only manage two. Middlesex posted 147-6 thanks to Stevie Eskinazi's 57 not out from 44 balls and Paul Stirling's 40 from 31, as England seamer Chris Jordan (2-29) impressed. Sussex began their chase well thanks to Chris Nash (64), but only he and Stiaan van Zyl (34) reached double figures as they slumped from 125-4 in the 17th over to 140-7 - with eight runs needed from the final nine balls of the innings. That meant a nervy last over, bowled by seamer Tom Helm - but he began with two dot balls, had Jofra Archer caught off the third, and David Wiese could only manage a two off the fifth ball as Helm held his nerve and Middlesex sneaked home by two runs. It leaves both South Group sides in mid-table on 10 points from 11 games. Meanwhile, Hampshire's spin-heavy tactics were clear from the start with Crane, fellow leg-spinner Shahid Afridi and slow left-armer Liam Dawson taking a combined 6-52 from their 12 overs of spin. Dawson - left out of the Test squad in favour of Crane - took the new ball and made an immediate impact, bowling Aneurin Donald with the third ball of the match. Glamorgan's top order could not get going and only a stand of 53 in the final 6. 3 overs between Andrew Salter (37 not out) and Graham Wagg (15 not out) gave them any respectability. But despite losing debutant wicketkeeper Calvin Dickinson in the first over, Hampshire always looked in control of an easy run chase. Vince's unbeaten 60 came off just 41 balls and featured 10 fours, while he was ably assisted by Tom Alsop (28 from 19) and George Bailey (25 not out). It helped Hampshire move to within a point of Glamorgan at the top with two games left. Gloucestershire who have a game in hand, and Somerset occupy the other quarter-final berths, two points ahead of Sussex, Middlesex and Surrey.
Goals from Declan McManus and Cardle had the hosts 2-0 up in 11 minutes. Falkirk's Craig Sibbald was red carded for foul and abusive language and Lee Miller was also sent off for an elbow on Nat Wedderburn before Tom Taiwo scored for the Bairns. Cardle grabbed his second in stoppage time to put the result beyond doubt. The win leaves the Pars second top of the table while Falkirk are second bottom on one point. Match ends, Dunfermline Athletic 3, Falkirk 1. Second Half ends, Dunfermline Athletic 3, Falkirk 1. Goal!  Dunfermline Athletic 3, Falkirk 1.  Joe Cardle (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from the left side of the box to the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Andy Ryan. Attempt missed.  Fraser Aird (Dunfermline Athletic) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Attempt missed.  Lee Ashcroft (Dunfermline Athletic) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high following a corner. Corner,  Dunfermline Athletic.  Conceded by Tony Gallacher. Attempt missed.  Andy Ryan (Dunfermline Athletic) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right following a corner. Corner,  Dunfermline Athletic.  Conceded by Luca Gasparotto. Goal!  Dunfermline Athletic 2, Falkirk 1.  Thomas Taiwo (Falkirk) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top right corner. Tony Gallacher (Falkirk) hits the right post with a left footed shot from the left side of the box. Substitution, Falkirk.  Alex Harris replaces Kevin O'Hara. Foul by Andy Ryan (Dunfermline Athletic). Paul Watson (Falkirk) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Callum Morris (Dunfermline Athletic). Kevin O'Hara (Falkirk) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Ryan Williamson (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Joe McKee (Falkirk). Attempt saved.  Ryan Williamson (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Substitution, Dunfermline Athletic.  Fraser Aird replaces Kallum Higginbotham. Corner,  Dunfermline Athletic.  Conceded by Tony Gallacher. Attempt missed.  Kallum Higginbotham (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Attempt blocked.  Kevin O'Hara (Falkirk) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Substitution, Dunfermline Athletic.  Andy Ryan replaces Calum Smith. Substitution, Dunfermline Athletic.  David Hopkirk replaces Declan McManus. Attempt missed.  Luca Gasparotto (Falkirk) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Foul by Nathaniel Wedderburn (Dunfermline Athletic). Kevin O'Hara (Falkirk) wins a free kick on the right wing. Attempt blocked.  Joe Cardle (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from long range on the left is blocked. Nathaniel Wedderburn (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing. Lee Miller (Falkirk) is shown the red card for violent conduct. Foul by Lee Miller (Falkirk). Attempt missed.  Joe Cardle (Dunfermline Athletic) left footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Jason Talbot (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Lee Miller (Falkirk). Attempt missed.  Calum Smith (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Foul by Joe Cardle (Dunfermline Athletic). Craig Sibbald (Falkirk) is shown the red card. Craig Sibbald (Falkirk) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Luca Gasparotto (Falkirk). Joe Cardle (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Ahead of the main procession, marchers and bands paraded around the city's historic walls. It is one of the biggest parades held in Northern Ireland and marks the anniversary of the ending of the Siege of Derry in 1689. Thousands of supporters from across the UK turned out to watch the 145 bands taking part. Having completed a circuit of the walls, members of the Apprentice Boys made their way to the Diamond for a wreath laying ceremony. A thanksgiving service, "to give thanks to God for the deliverance of the city," was then held at St.  Columb's Cathedral. The memorial ceremony is held on the second Saturday in August each year, to commemorate the ending of the 105-day siege of the city in August 1689. Also known as William of Orange, or King Billy, the new monarch was supported by Protestants in Derry, who shut the gates of the walled city to keep out the advancing Jacobite army.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe 34-year-old, who won 10,000m gold eight days ago, was swamped by his rivals in the final lap and Ethiopia's Muktar Edris broke clear to win gold. Britain's Farah kicked again to take silver at the London Stadium in his final major track championships. Britain's men won a stunning 4x100m relay gold as the women took silver. "It's been a long journey but it's been incredible," Farah told BBC Sport. "It didn't quite hit home until after I crossed the line and had a couple of moments to myself when I realised - this is it. "I gave it all - I didn't have a single bit left at the end. "Four-time Olympic champion Farah will finish his track career with a record of 10 golds and two silvers in major championships. He is set to focus on marathons after his final track appearance at the 5,000m Diamond League final in Zurich on 24 August. Gold and silver in the two 4x100m relays takes Britain's medal tally at London 2017 to four - Farah supplying the other two - but the hosts are still two short of UK Sport's target of six to eight. Edris, 23, ran a superbly judged final 600m to claim his first major title with a sprint finish reminiscent of so many Farah triumphs. After a brief burst from Farah's compatriot Andrew Butchart at the front of the race, the Ethiopian trio of Edris, Yomif Kejelcha and Selemon Barega moved up to box in the home favourite. Barega fell back but Edris used Kejelcha as a pace-setter into the home straight before surging away while Farah battled for position with the resurgent Paul Chelimo behind. Farah finally found open track but Edris was gone, with the Briton passing the fading Kejelcha and holding off Chelimo to salvage silver. "The 10,000m took a lot more out of me than I realised," said Farah. "I was trying to cover every move but they had a game plan - one of them was going to sacrifice himself and that's what they did and the better man won. "Farah has now lost just two of his 22 5,000m contests since 2011. "I was highly prepared for this race and I knew I was going to beat Mo Farah," said Edris, who won in a time of 13 minutes 32. 79 seconds to claim his first win over the Briton in five attempts. "I am the new champion for Ethiopia, that's why I did the 'Mobot' [Farah's traditional celebration] - I am the next champion. "1976 Olympic 10,000m bronze medallist and BBC commentator Brendan Foster: "We did say fatigue was going to get him.  It has to come to an end.  He hates losing. "BBC athletics expert Allison Curbishley: "In my head and my heart I didn't think anyone could genuinely beat Mo Farah but that 10,000m at the start of the week took so much out of him.  Edris, we take our hat off to you.  This man has beaten the legend that is Mo Farah in his own back yard. "2005 marathon world champion Paul Radcliffe: "He just doesn't have the pace in his legs anymore to be able to live with challengers like that but this isn't the end of Mo Farah in athletics.  He has a new challenge ahead of him in the marathon. "Two-time Olympic decathlon champion Daley Thompson: "He has got to be hurting.  But it has to end for everybody.  In a couple of weeks or months, he will look back and say, 'that was awesome'. "2004 Olympic 4x100m relay champion Darren Campbell: "There are athletes out there who have won more medals, but the quality of those medals and for Mo to have led an event on his own. . .  wow.  I don't know how you can't see him as our greatest ever athlete. "Media playback is not supported on this deviceA disconsolate Farah dropped to the track as Edris mimicked his famous celebration, before finally picking himself up to complete a farewell lap. Farah has come under scrutiny in recent years, with his coach Alberto Salazar under investigation by the US Anti-Doping Agency. The Briton also recently denied any wrongdoing after computer hackers revealed some of his blood samples had initially been flagged as suspicious, before later being declared normal. After initial shock at the result, the crowd found their voice to give Farah a final warm send-off at the stadium he lit up with double Olympic gold in 2012. "Back in 2008 at the Olympics I was so disappointed [at not making the 5,000m final] and I didn't know what to do with myself, whether to carry on with the sport," said Farah. "I had to decide what it took to become a champion and that was to move to the other side of the world - nothing was guaranteed but I took that chance. "This London crowd is amazing - there is no place like home. "I have a few more races on the track, then I will take a short break and then this chapter of my life is closed. "Elsewhere, Britons Katarina Johnson-Thompson and Morgan Lake finished fifth and sixth respectively in the high jump as Maria Lasitskene - the Russian competing as a neutral athlete - won gold with a leap of 2. 03m. And Ashley Bryant finished 11th in the men's decathlon, with Kevin Mayer becoming the first French world champion in the event.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceWales lost their EuroHockey Championship II final to Scotland, but both teams have reached the A Division. Clements says doing so has been a "challenge" on a limited budget, but feels it will bring benefits. "I'm over the moon for the players and staff.  It's a huge achievement," Clements told BBC Wales Sport. "It puts us on a different level and exposes us to a different level of competition that will hopefully drive performances up. "The Wales women's side narrowly missed promotion to the top tier, following their 2-1 defeat by Russia in Friday's EuroHockey Championship semi-final. But Clements was pleased with their performances and with the number of fans who came to watch the Cardiff tournament. Media playback is not supported on this device"I'm a big believer in the inspiration our athletes and staff provide as role models," he said. "The buzz around the venue here in Cardiff has been huge and so is the reception the guys have had. "Everyone's buzzing about the sport at the moment and I really feel that'll transcend into people picking up a stick for the first time. "The Wales men will join the likes of Germany, England and the Netherlands in the EuroHockey A Division in 2019. But before that both the men and women's teams hope to qualify for the 2018 Commonwealth Games. Clements says he hopes competing at these big tournaments will help earn more Welsh players call-ups for Great Britain. "We really want to push the boundaries and not have a glass ceiling to where we want to get to," he said. "The better we perform as a group, the more chance we've got of players progressing into the GB squads. "Ultimately if we can develop some Olympians that would be utopia.
Kim Wall, 30, was last seen on Thursday evening on board the vessel with the owner, 46-year-old Peter Madsen. The submarine later sank and Mr Madsen was rescued before being arrested and charged with manslaughter. The stricken vessel, the Nautilus, has been raised but no body was found and the search for Ms Wall goes on. Mr Madsen initially said that he dropped Ms Wall off before it sank but police say he has now changed his statement - although they have not said what to. Police gave no other information on why they thought the Nautilus was deliberately sunk, but it contradicts Mr Madsen's explanation that there was a technical fault. Mr Madsen has denied involvement in Ms Wall's death, and will be held in custody for 24 days while investigations continue. Ms Wall's boyfriend first reported her missing after she failed to return from what should have been a short trip on the submarine. She had been writing about Mr Madsen and his submarine, which at one stage was the largest privately-made vessel of its kind. Police are still appealing for witnesses who may have seen Ms Wall on Thursday evening. "We're still hoping that we'll find Kim Wall alive, but we are preparing  ourselves for the fact that she may not be," Copenhagen police homicide chief Jens Moller said.
Dana was transported to the Al-Mawa reserve via Turkey along with four other lions, two bears and two tigers in a three-month operation organised by the animal welfare charity Four Paws. Staff found the cub, who they named Hajar, in her cage on Saturday. They are now waiting to see whether Dana will give birth to a second cub. Dr Amir Khalil, a vet who accompanied the animals, told the Associated Press on Sunday that an ultrasound performed in Turkey had shown she was carrying two. However, he warned that the second cub might already have been born dead and been eaten by Dana. Its fate will not be known until another ultrasound is carried out on Monday. Four Paws said its team had initially been very concerned about whether Dana would accept or kill Hajar because of the enormous stress she had endured. "But luckily that wasn't the case.  She cleaned the cub and nursed it," the charity added.  "This is a true sign that she feels safe at Al-Mawa. "Hajar's gender is unknown because staff have not been able to examine the cub.
Highways England plans to "increase capacity and reduce congestion" between Worthing and Lancing. But Adur and Worthing councils say the Â£69m proposal is not fit for purpose and the government body should launch a fresh consultation with updated plans. Highways England project manager Tom Beasley said the improvements were the "best achievable option". Large-scale options were considered by Highways England, including dual carriageway schemes with flyovers. But the consultation focuses a mix of new traffic signalling and road widening on six junctions between Durrington Hill and the Lancing Manor roundabout. In a joint statement, the leader of Adur District Council, Neil Parkin, and the leader of Worthing Borough Council, Dan Humphreys, said the "modest" plans are not good enough. Mr Parkin said: "Highways England say they want to consult with us but we say this is a sham.  By not allowing the public to weigh up options and see full costings how are we to make any kind of decision?"All I do know is the current scheme on the table is barely worth the disruption and certainly not worth spending Â£69m on. "Mr Humphreys added: "Highways England do not seem to be taking us seriously.  Our questions were met with an 'experts know best' response. "But Mr Beasley said Highways England think that the proposal "would make a worthwhile improvement to people's journeys and is the best achievable option within the scope and budget available for the project". "We welcome all views and promise that we will take all responses to the consultation fully into account. "Consultation into the proposal ends on 12 September.
The 25-year-old Ghana defender, who arrived from League Two side Barnet in May 2016, was left out of Saturday's home defeat by Ipswich having started their two previous games. Heckingbottom said talks with Premier League newcomers are ongoing. "In my eyes I don't have Yids until I'm told different," he said. Talking to BBC Radio Sheffield, Heckingbottom added: "It wasn't right for me to involve Yids in the game on Saturday and if it is still the same, it won't be Tuesday because it is not fair on the other players. "We are all preparing for our game and obviously Yids is in limbo at the minute. "Until it is resolved one way or another and I'm told, I'm not considering him. "Heckingbottom added that negotiations for the player, who made 33 appearances for the Championship club last season, "can't go much longer" and that he "expects" Yiadom's future to be known by Thursday. "I'm not thinking about it until after the game on Tuesday," he said.
Gray opened the scoring in the 52nd minute with a fine solo goal before Slimani doubled the lead shortly after. The Algerian scored his second four minutes later as he bundled home Gray's cross from close range. Caolan Lavery's fortuitous late strike cut the deficit but Musa fired home in stoppage time. The first half was largely uneventful as both sides made eight changes from the weekend's league matches. Gray's goal was the first moment of quality in the match as he collected the ball 30-yards from goal on the left wing, drove in field and beat three defenders before slotting through Blades' goalkeeper Jake Eastwood's legs. Slimani then scored a four-minute brace which looked to have settled the tie as the striker - signed for £29m in 2016 - showed excellent movement and composure. But, Lavery pulled a goal back in the 83rd minute as his miscued cross beat Ben Hamer at the near post before the Blades pushed further with 19-year-old Foxes debutant Josh Knight making a fine block to deny Billy Sharp. The Leicester defence continued to hold strong and in the 93rd minute Musa powered through the United defence and drove home to confirm the result. Match ends, Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 4. Second Half ends, Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 4. Goal!  Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 4.  Ahmed Musa (Leicester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top right corner. Attempt blocked.  Ahmed Musa (Leicester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Islam Slimani (Leicester City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by David Brooks (Sheffield United). Foul by Ahmed Musa (Leicester City). David Brooks (Sheffield United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Attempt missed.  David Brooks (Sheffield United) header from the centre of the box is too high.  Assisted by John Lundstram with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Sheffield United.  Conceded by Josh Knight. Attempt blocked.  Billy Sharp (Sheffield United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.  Assisted by Caolan Lavery. Corner,  Leicester City.  Conceded by Chris Basham. Attempt missed.  Islam Slimani (Leicester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left.  Assisted by Ahmed Musa. Goal!  Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 3.  Caolan Lavery (Sheffield United) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the right to the bottom right corner.  Assisted by David Brooks. Foul by Nampalys Mendy (Leicester City). Caolan Lavery (Sheffield United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Leicester City.  Josh Knight replaces Harry Maguire. Corner,  Leicester City.  Conceded by Chris Basham. Attempt blocked.  Demarai Gray (Leicester City) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked.  Assisted by Ahmed Musa. Substitution, Leicester City.  Nampalys Mendy replaces Wilfred Ndidi. Foul by Wilfred Ndidi (Leicester City). Samir Carruthers (Sheffield United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Video Review:. Offside, Leicester City.  Ahmed Musa tries a through ball, but Wilfred Ndidi is caught offside. Corner,  Leicester City.  Conceded by John Lundstram. Attempt blocked.  Ben Chilwell (Leicester City) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked.  Assisted by Ahmed Musa. Corner,  Sheffield United.  Conceded by Ben Chilwell. Substitution, Sheffield United.  Paul Coutts replaces George Baldock. Substitution, Sheffield United.  Chris Basham replaces Jake M Wright. Goal!  Sheffield United 0, Leicester City 3.  Islam Slimani (Leicester City) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Demarai Gray with a cross. Corner,  Leicester City.  Conceded by Jake Eastwood. Attempt saved.  Demarai Gray (Leicester City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner.  Assisted by Andy King. Attempt blocked.  Wilfred Ndidi (Leicester City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner,  Sheffield United.  Conceded by Wilfred Ndidi. Goal!  Sheffield United 0, Leicester City 2.  Islam Slimani (Leicester City) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner.  Assisted by Andy King with a through ball. Substitution, Sheffield United.  Billy Sharp replaces Ched Evans. Christian Fuchs (Leicester City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by George Baldock (Sheffield United). Offside, Sheffield United.  Ched Evans tries a through ball, but George Baldock is caught offside. Offside, Leicester City.  Daniel Amartey tries a through ball, but Islam Slimani is caught offside.
Saints had the better of a scrappy first-half, after Jonny Lomax crossed on the back of penalty goals apiece for both sides. Leeds pulled clear when Adam Cuthbertson added to Ryan Hall's score. Danny Richardson's try kept Saints hopes alive but Leeds held on and are now three points clear of third-placed Hull FC in the Super League table. The defeat leaves Saints a point behind Wakefield, who are fourth with four Super 8s games to play. Leeds cannot catch Castleford Tigers at the top, but are in the box seat for the second home semi-final come the top four play-offs. Headingley's impending redevelopment meant this game was to be the last for the 86-year-old roofed terrace, and it added an emotional tinge to a match that held huge significance to the race for Old Trafford. Unfortunately the pre-match festivities failed to transfer to the field, as neither side found their rhythm in a game high on drama but lacking in quality. Saints' best moment of the first half produced the game's first try when Lomax latched on to Zeb Taia's pass after James Roby put the back-rower into space. The hosts were equally disjointed but gave the crowd some cheer when a smart move to the left was finished off by Ryan Hall on his 300th club appearance. Cuthbertson bashed his way across on the back of Leeds pressure but it was never comfortable until the hooter, particularly when the lively Richardson came off the bench to step his way across the stripe with five minutes to go. Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott:"I thought we were extremely good, I've never not been proud of out players although I don't say it too much.  I'm proud to be their coach tonight. "I don't know where we go the second half from, Saints were great, beating us off the deck in the first half and we never got to grips with their play-the-balls. "We rolled up our sleeves and did some hard work, we should have executed better.  It was a great game of rugby league. "St Helens head coach Justin Holbrook:"I couldn't be prouder of my team.  Unfortunately that's two weeks in a row we've been beaten by two points. "I don't think we played poorly.  We didn't have much ball in the second half, we were camped in our own half, but we got within two points away from home against a very tough side. "We just couldn't get going for one reason or another in the second half but full credit to Leeds, they played very well. "Leeds Rhinos: Walker; Briscoe, Watkins, Sutcliffe, Hall; Moon, McGuire; Cuthbertson, Parcell, Singleton, Ward, Jones-Buchanan, AblettReplacements: Burrow, Delaney, Keinhorst, MullallySt Helens: Lomax; Makinson, Morgan, Percival, Grace; Fages, Smith; Amor, Roby, Thompson, Taia, Wilkin, Knowles.
Delivering his judgement, a judge said it was for the Stormont Assembly, and not a judge, to decide social policy. A joint case was taken by the first lesbian couple and the first gay couple to enter civil partnerships in the UK.The second case was brought by a couple who wed in England but want their marriage legally recognised at home in Northern Ireland. The judge heard the cases together due to the similarities of the legal arguments. Mr Justice O'Hara said: "It is not at all difficult to understand how gay men and lesbians who have suffered discrimination, rejection and exclusion feel so strongly about the maintenance in Northern Ireland of the barrier to same sex marriage. "However, the judgment which I have to reach is not based on social policy but on the law. "Same-sex marriage is legal in England, Scotland, Wales and the Republic of Ireland, but is banned in Northern Ireland. Shannon Sickles, Grainne Close, and Chris and Henry Flanagan-Kane were challenging Stormont's refusal to legislate for same-sex marriage. Ms Close said she was "devastated" by the ruling. "For us, this is a personal matter," she said. "We have families and our children are being treated differently because of today's result. "Her partner, Ms Sickles, said they would continue their legal challenge. Twelve years ago, Northern Ireland was the first place in the UK to introduce civil partnerships. Ms Sickles and Ms Close made history on 19 December 2005 when their relationship was legally recognised in the UK's first civil partnership ceremony at Belfast City Hall. They were closely followed by Chris and Henry Flanagan-Kane, whose civil partnership took place later that same day. During the joint challenge to the law in Northern Ireland, the couple's lawyers argued that the ban breaches Article Eight of the European Convention on Human Rights, by denying respect for their private and family lives. But a lawyer for Stormont's Department of Finance and Personnel (DFP) countered that the ban was not a breach of human rights and that civil partnerships already met the minimum requirements set out under human rights law. The couple who married in England had been granted anonymity, and their case was referred to as Petition X.The campaign for same-sex marriage has been highly divisive at the Northern Ireland Assembly in recent years, and is currently one of the main sticking points in Stormont's continuing political crisis. Assembly members (MLAs) have voted five times on whether or not to introduce same-sex marriage. During the fifth vote in November 2015, MLAs voted in favour of legalisation for the first time, with the slimmest majority of 53 votes to 52. However, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) used a Stormont veto, known as a petition of concern, to block the motion and prevent any change in the law. Alliance MLA Paula Bradshaw said it was "shameful" the couples had been forced to take their cases to court. "Last May both Sinn Féin and the DUP refused the Alliance Party's proposal to reform the petition of concern - the crucial reform that would make equal marriage a reality," she said. "Now the challenge has been thrown firmly back at the politicians and it is essential we get Stormont up and running again to stabilise Northern Ireland and start delivering for everyone. "The marriage of the couple in the Petition X case was treated as a civil partnership in Northern Ireland, under the terms of the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013,The devolved distinction was made possible after negotiations between a previous Westminster government and a previous Northern Ireland Assembly. The couple took their vows "because they believe in the traditional values associated with marriage," according to their solicitor. "We sighed when the ruling was read out not through disappointment, but simply because the inevitable recognition of same-sex marriage has been further delayed in Northern Ireland," they said. "The work will continue, the wind is to our back. "SDLP leader Colum Eastwood said The LGBT community was "not a punching bag to be hit again and again". "Ours is now the only small corner of these islands where we maintain a hierarchy of love," he said. "We are increasingly isolated here and across Europe as a place where the commitment and compassion of a same-sex couple is not recognised or reflected in our law. "Sinn Féin MLA Carál Ní Chuilín said the issue was at the heart of the current political crisis in Northern Ireland - where the Assembly has been in limbo since power-sharing broke down in January. "We need to see the implementation of agreements and an end to discrimination if we are to have sustainable political institutions," she said.
An international team of maritime archaeologists are diving, excavating and recording the wreck of Dutch ship the Rooswijk off the Kent coast. All 300 shipmen died when the vessel, carrying coins and silver ingots, sank on Goodwin Sands in January 1740. Never before have any of the Dutch East India Company's 250 wrecks been scientifically excavated on this scale. Historic England manages the protected site and is working with the Dutch government, which owns the ship's remains. It is only now, after more than 250 years, that the sands have shifted enough to unveil the wreckage. Some explorations were carried out last year and those finds are being showcased as part of the #Rooswijk1740 project, led and financed by the Cultural Heritage Agency of the Netherlands, with open days in Ramsgate between 19 August and 16 September. They include a large seaman's chest, pewter jugs, ornately carved wooden knife handles and leather shoes. The current mission will see archaeologists delve further into the storage rooms and living quarters in the stern of the ship. Martijn Manders, project leader of the Rooswijk Excavation and Maritime Heritage programme manager at the Cultural Heritage Agency of the Netherlands, said: "The Goodwin Sands has been a treacherous place for ships throughout the centuries and is now a treasure trove for archaeologists. "The rapidly shifting sands mean that the site is even more exposed now than it was during our initial dives to assess the condition of the Rooswijk last year.  This makes the excavation urgent. "The wreck is high on the Heritage at Risk register due to its exposed remains and vulnerability to the shifting sands. Alison James, maritime archaeologist at Historic England, said: "Wrecks such as the Rooswijk are time capsules that offer a unique glimpse into the past and tell a story. "We look forward to the fascinating insights and discoveries that the Rooswijk excavation will uncover this summer.
The animal, thought to be a juvenile minke whale, is about 4m long.  It was first seen on Thursday morning and seems to be healthy and content. Minke whales are one of the most common in our waters.  It is thought it may have swum in in pursuit of fish in the channel. A fully-grown minke can grow to 9m in length. The harbour authorities are liaising with experts in the Northern Ireland Environment Agency, and are expected to monitor the animal for several days in the hope it returns to open water. There are no immediate grounds for concern over the animal's health, said the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (DAERA). "Minke whales frequent the waters around the mouth of Belfast Lough, but young or inquisitive animals will, on occasion, come closer inshore," said a spokesperson. "However, our Marine and Fisheries team will continue to monitor the whale's behaviour in conjunction with colleagues from Belfast Harbour Commissioners. "The animal is currently in a well-regulated area within Belfast Harbour where there is no risk of disturbance. "The whale is not in an area that is easily viewable by the public, however, as a marine-protected species, people are advised to enjoy any views they are fortunate to have of this remarkable animal but not to approach or do anything to disturb it," the statement added.
DR Congo could only draw 1-1 with their rivals in Kinshasa, having drawn the first leg of their qualifier 0-0. It put Congo Brazzaville through on the away-goals ruling. In other shocks South Africa, Mali and Algeria were also eliminated. DR Congo boasted an outstanding record in the previous four tournaments for home-based footballers with two titles and two quarter-finals finishes. They were expected to beat Congo Brazzaville in front of their home fans in Kinshasa and qualify for the 2018 Championship in Kenya next January and February. Jean-Marc Makusu Mundele put the title-holders ahead on 36 minutes only for Jaures Ngombe to equalise just two minutes later. DR Congo needed at least one more goal to survive, but Congo defended bravely to clinch only a second appearance at the 16-team tournament. Severely depleted South Africa contained Zambia for 79 minutes in Ndola before conceding two goals in three minutes to lose the match 2-0 and the tie 4-2 on aggregate. Justin Shonga bagged a brace for Zambia against a South Africa side deprived of many first choice players because clubs refused to release them. Mali, who lost the 2016 final against DR Congo in Kigali, were another shock casualty as they had a man sent off when losing 1-0 at home to Mauritania. Karamoko Traore scored on 38 minutes in Bamako and the hosts were reduced to 10 men before half-time when Boubacar Samassekou was shown the red card with Mauritania advancing 3-2 on aggregate. Nigeria secured a ticket to Kenya by overcoming Benin 2-0 in Kano.  Trailing 1-0 from the first leg, the Nigerians secured their place through goals from Rabiu Ali and Kingsley Eduwo. Ivory Coast, third behind DR Congo and Mali at the 2016 Nations Championship, scored seven minutes into stoppage time to pip Niger for a place at next year's finals. Sanfo Sylla scored the crucial goal to give the Ivorians a 1-0 victory and an away goals victory after the tie ended 2-2. Angola missed a penalty in Luanda before Dany scored the only goal of the tie just past the hour to inflict a first loss in 11 matches on Madagascar. Rwanda staged a brave comeback to defeat Uganda 2-0 in Kigali but failed 3-2 on aggregate, with Cameroon and Sudan also booking places in Kenya. On Friday, Morocco and Libya knocked out Egypt and Algeria respectively as they booked their places at Kenya 2018. Morocco beat Egypt 3-1 in Rabat on Friday to win the tie 4-2 overall. Libya held Algeria to a 1-1 draw in Sfax to go through to the finals with a 3-2 aggregate victory. Despite CHAN matches only featuring locally-based footballers the games have full international status and count toward the monthly Fifa rankings.
The 35-year-old skippered the Bears to One-Day Cup victory in September 2016, but less than 12 months on the county are bottom of the Division One Championship table. Bell, who last played for England in November 2015, was was recently left out of the Bears' T20 side. "This is the right time for me to stand down," Bell said. "As a senior player, I will support the team in all ways possible and I believe that our squad has very exciting times ahead. "It's been an absolute honour to lead my home county over the last 18 months and my decision to stand down is something that I have thought long and hard about over a period of weeks. "Bell is to be replaced by former England batsman Jonathan Trott as captain of Warwickshire's Championship side. The county's sports director Ashley Giles said Bell made a "brave" decision to focus on batting. "Having him focused solely on scoring runs for Warwickshire and Birmingham Bears is a huge asset to the club," Giles said. Warwickshire, who won limited-overs silverware in Bell's first season as captain, are in Division One relegation trouble, having lost five of their nine matches - four of them by an innings. Bell, the most capped international in Warwickshire history, having played 118 Tests, 161 one-day internationals and eight T20 matches, has scored 345 runs from 14 innings, at an average of 24. 64.  He has not made a Championship century since April 2016. In the T20 Blast, he has hit 251 runs in 12 matches at a strike rate of 117. 29, but he was dropped down the order after a run of poor scores at opener. Having not batted at all in the Bears' penultimate game, he was left out altogether for the final group game on Friday, which the Bears won against Lancashire at Old Trafford to secure a place in the quarter-finals. New Zealand international Grant Elliott captained the side and will be expected to so again for this Friday's last-eight tie against Surrey at The Oval. Bell, who was part of the Birmingham Bears T20 Blast title-winning side in 2014, also won the Big Bash in Australia last winter with Perth Scorchers.
He carded a six-under-par round of 64 to finish 21 under, one shot ahead of American Ollie Schniederjans. Former world number one Stenson hit eight birdies in his closing round, including three in a row from the 15th. Schniederjans also shot 64, while compatriot Webb Simpson finished four shots back in third place. American Davis Love, at 53 seeking to become the oldest winner in US PGA Tour history, finished eight shots adrift in a tie for 10th. Stenson, 41, said: "I don't know how many times I'm going to get as close to playing as well as I did at Troon. "I'm just very pleased with how I closed out this week.
In his first prime-time speech on a specific policy issue, the Republican leader will address the nation at 21:00 local time (01:00 GMT). He said he had reached a decision after reviewing war options with his national security team at Camp David. Mr Trump once called for a full US pullout from Afghanistan. He announced a strategic review soon after taking office in January. So what can the president do when he addresses the nation?Option 1: He could pull out all 8,400 US troops and let the Afghans get on with it.  That could be popular at home and would be consistent with what Donald Trump has previously said.  But it would leave a dangerous vacuum to be filled not just by Afghan rebels, but also by embryonic Islamic State affiliates which are taking hold in the east of the country. Option 2: He could pull out a large number of US troops and deploy private contractors to continue the work of advising and assisting the Afghan military, in effect outsourcing the job.  That's not likely to be popular with the Afghan government, and Washington would still get the blame if things did not work out. Option 3: And this seems the more likely one.  He could send more troops (up to 4,000 the best guess) to bolster the training of more Afghan security forces and perhaps add to the American special forces who are involved in the fight to expel IS related groups. Whatever he decides, analysts will be looking for something that amounts to a strategy and not just a change in tactics and that will probably have to involve drawing other countries in the region, such as Pakistan and Russia, into the discussion. He will deliver his first major national security address at a military base next to Arlington National Cemetery, where many of the 2,200 US troops who have died fighting over 16 years of war in Afghanistan are buried. Mr Trump is also expected to outline a more aggressive US counter-terrorism policy for Afghanistan and Pakistan. Earlier this year, the president empowered Defence Secretary Jim Mattis to set troop levels in Afghanistan. General John Nicholson, the top US military commander in the country, has requested some 4,000 additional US forces. He told Afghan troops at a training base southeast of Kabul on Sunday: "We are with you and we will stay with you. "US combat operations against the Taliban officially ended in 2014, but special forces have continued to provide support to Afghan troops. Current US troop numbers in Afghanstan are about 8,400. The Afghan government continues to battle insurgency groups and controls just half of the country. Mr Trump has previously supported pulling troops out of the conflict, which began under President George W Bush in 2001 after the 9/11 attacks. "I took over a mess, and we're going to make it a lot less messy," Mr Trump said when asked about Afghanistan earlier this month. End of Twitter post  by @realDonaldTrumpEnd of Twitter post 2 by @realDonaldTrump"We're not winning," he told advisers in a meeting in July. His defence secretary has argued a US military presence is necessary to fight off threats from Islamist militants. Mr Mattis visited Afghanistan over the weekend, saying he was satisfied with the administration's new strategy. Former White House strategic adviser Steve Bannon had called for the withdrawal of all US forces, arguing the war was unwinnable. But he was fired by the president on Friday.
The 25-year-old scored 15 goals in 54 appearances for the U's last season, but has not played a game this term. The Stags say the deal contains an option to agree a permanent move. "This is a young man who I first tried to sign when he was scoring goals in the Scottish Premier League for Dundee," manager Steve Evans told the club website. Media playback is not supported on this deviceFind all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Quick-Step Floors' Trentin reeled in and surged past Spain's Juan Jose Lobato, with Belgium's Tom van Asbroeck third in Tarragona. Four-time Tour de France champion Froome finished in the bunch on the 198km stage from Escaldes-Engordany. The Team Sky rider, 32, still holds a two-second lead. Spain's David de la Cruz, Irishman Nicolas Roche and American Tejay van Garderen are his closest challengers. Froome is aiming to become only the third rider to win the Tour and the Vuelta in the same year. Trentin, 28, has now won a stage in all three Grand Tours, adding to victory at the 2016 Giro d'Italia and wins in the 2013 and 2014 Tours de France. "I'm really proud to have done this with this team," said Trentin. "I was really looking for this stage win as I've been going well in the last part of the season. "Quick-Step have won two of the four stages of this year's Vuelta, following Yves Lampaert's victory on stage two. They held the race together to set up Trentin for a bunch sprint after the breakaway duo of Stephane Rossetto and Diego Rubio were caught inside the final 10km. Britain's Simon Yates moved up to 10th in the general classification, 48 seconds behind Froome, after Italy's Domenico Pozzovivo crashed late on and lost three minutes 25 seconds. Yates' twin brother and Orica-Scott team-mate Adam remains eighth overall, a further nine seconds ahead, while former winner Vincenzo Nibali of Italy still trails Froome by 10 seconds. Wednesday's fifth stage takes the riders 176km over rolling terrain from Benicassim to Alcossebre, culminating in a short but steep uphill finish. 1.  Matteo Trentin (Ita/Quick-Step Floors) 4hrs 43mins 57secs2.  Juan Jose Lobato (Spa/Team LottoNL-Jumbo) Same time3.  Tom van Asbroeck (Bel/Cannondale-Drapac)4.  Edward Theuns (Bel/Trek-Segafredo)5.  Jens Debusschere (Bel/Lotto Soudal)6.  Sacha Modolo (Ita/Team UAE Emirates)7.  Lorrenzo Manzin (Fra/FDJ)8.  Soren Kragh Andersen (Den/Team Sunweb)9.  Youcef Reguigui (Alg/Team Dimension Data)10.  Jetse Bol (Ned/Manzana Postobon)1.  Chris Froome (GB/Team Sky) 13hrs 37mins 41secs2.  David de la Cruz (Spa/Quick-Step Floors) +2secs3.  Nicolas Roche (Ire/BMC Racing Team)  Same time4.  Tejay van Garderen (US/BMC Racing Team)5.  Vincenzo Nibali (Ita/Bahrain-Merida) +10secs6.  Esteban Chaves (Col/Orica-Scott) +11secs7.  Fabio Aru (Ita/Astana Pro Team) +38secs8.  Adam Yates (GB/Orica-Scott)+39secs9.  Romain Bardet (Fra/AG2R La Mondiale) +48secs10.
Ingram was Most Valuable Player in the domestic T20 Blast in 2016 and has hit two centuries in 2017. He has previously played in the Indian Premier League for Delhi Daredevils. The 32-year-old left-hander will play limited-overs cricket for Glamorgan in 2018 and 2019 but will give up Championship cricket. Glamorgan face Leicestershire in Cardiff on Wednesday in the quarter-finals of the T20 Blast. Adelaide Strikers are coached by former Australia fast bowler Jason Gillespie, who had a season with Glamorgan and has also coached Yorkshire. "The decision was made that we'd look over the world for an overseas batsman and we found a quality one in Colin," Gillespie said. "He gives it a whack. . .  he has a lot of T20 experience and adds a great deal to our batting line-up. "The Big Bash competition starts in December and Ingram's participation will not clash with Glamorgan commitments.
Wilson's side were demolished by 101 runs against Hampshire on Tuesday. But Wilson said they were not too worried about a one-off defeat and instead took heart from their form throughout the group stage. "It's disappointing to go out one step away from Finals Day and we'll come back next year," said Wilson. "We will take pride from the brand of cricket we've played throughout the competition. "Derbyshire were the surprise package of this season's T20 Blast, finishing second in the North Group having reached the quarter-finals only once before. "We were all desperate to get over the line and get down to Birmingham," Wilson told BBC Radio Derby. "We won't accept that a quarter-final is good enough. "But, moving forward, it could be an exciting time for us and the challenge will be to go one step further.
Police said the incident happened at 10:30 BST near the village of Tockwith, which is 10 miles (17km) west of York. North Yorkshire Police said it was believed the aeroplane had suffered engine failure. Sgt Andy Graham, who attended the crash, praised the "great piloting skills resulting in no injuries".
Just as the fighting for Mosul moved from east to west over the course of many months, the Iraqi military is now moving westwards towards the Syrian border. Although much smaller in size, Tal Afar has been a so-called Islamic State (IS) stronghold that the jihadist group has used as a strategic "base" since 2014. And Tal Afar has had ruthless rulers before - between late 2004 and early 2006, the city was controlled by al-Qaeda in Iraq, a precursor to IS.Before it fell to IS, the city's population of 200,000 was predominantly ethnic Turkmen, a Turkic people who have their own language and customs.  The majority were also Sunni Muslims. Tal Afar's residents are not viewed as helpless victims by many in the region; for a relatively small population, security sources say a disproportionate number of men from the city filled the ranks of IS as commanders, judges and members of their vicious religious police. The battle for Tal Afar could also escalate tensions between Iraq, its ethnic Kurdish minority, Turkey and Syria. Turkey refuses to close or move its military base near Mosul, claiming it could be needed to protect Iraqi Turkmen as well as the Turkish border.  The mere idea of Turkish military action on Iraqi soil has been enough to cause many, from Washington to Baghdad, to lose sleep. Kurdish leaders in Irbil are also keeping their eyes wide open as well - juggling the real or perceived threats from Sunni Arab insurgents, Turkish forces and an ever-growing number of Shia Arab militiamen. Tal Afar is a two hour drive from the Turkish border, and the main road from Mosul to Syria runs through the city.  It is, in many ways, the perfect location - and the right time - for a perfect storm. The military assault on Tal Afar might seem clear cut, but the combination of forces involved invites complications on the ground. Approximately 40,000 troops are taking part in the fighting - three Iraqi Army divisions, Iraqi and US-led coalition special forces personnel, as well as "government-backed" paramilitary fighters from the Popular Mobilisation (Hashd al-Shaabi). The Popular Mobilisation is an umbrella organisation under whose banner are militias like Kataib Hezbollah (Hezbollah Brigades), Moqtada al-Sadr's Saraya al-Salam - the current incarnation of the Mehdi Army - and the Badr Organisation. The Popular Mobilisation's ranks also include fighters from Asaib Ahl al-Haq, a group trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards' Quds Force that has been accused of a number of kidnappings and attacks in Iraq. The factions in the Popular Mobilisation are predominantly Shia and many are backed and funded by Iran.  When you speak to them, many of their fighters do not try to hide their deep-seated disdain for Iraqi's Sunni population. Regardless of fears, internally and internationally, about the size and ultimate intentions of the Popular Mobilisation, it is not going away any time soon.  It is needed, many argue. Once Tal Afar has been recaptured, this menagerie of forces will face a tougher operation on a wider scale that could last for months. A case can be made that the number of ground troops available to take part in it will be as important as their weaponry and air support. About 290km (180 miles) south-west of Mosul, IS also holds a string of towns along the Iraqi part of the River Euphrates in Anbar province. These villages are known collectively as "al-Qaim", and they are connected by the Euphrates to the last IS stronghold in Syria - Deir al-Zour province. Deir al-Zour is now the heart of the "caliphate" proclaimed by IS three years ago. Accurate figures are hard to come by, but there are an estimated 15,000 to 20,000 IS fighters on the Iraqi and Syrian sides of the Euphrates valley. Simply pushing the IS extremists over the Syrian border from Iraq will not be enough - and is likely to add to the problem of IS in Syria - but there is little more than inaudible rumblings about how Iraqi forces will maintain security once they have retaken al-Qaim. One solution may be to leave the Popular Mobilisation in the area as a substitute police force, because it has enough manpower and will need a new task, and also because Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has spoken out against disbanding them. In this scenario, Iraqi border security would be handled by forces that are heavily involved with Iran, yet backed by the government in Baghdad - which in turn, is backed by the US government and other powers. Iraqi regular forces, as they work their way back to Baghdad, will have another problem to deal with; a large pocket of IS territory in the middle of the country that has been contained primarily for three years by Kurdish Peshmerga forces. The fight for the city of Hawija may be as deadly as any so far, as it is a cut-off viper's nest.  The IS fighters holding it truly have nowhere to run, should they try. The minute the smoke clears from Hawija, the Iraqi military will be looking across the battlefield at the Peshmerga.
The multiple TT winner set the fastest time of the week in the Classic event on his Yamaha Superbike at 125. 49mph. Anglesey's Barry Lee Evans topped the Senior MGP board while home rider Michael Evans moved to the top of the Junior leaderboard. Michael Evans' 119. 228mph lap was the fastest Manx Grand Prix time so far. Darryl Field leads the Newcomers' section after a lap of 115. 09mph. The session was cut short as mist fell on the mountain section with qualifying to continue on Friday evening with the first racing on Saturday.
The unseeded Serb won 4-6 6-3 6-4 against the seventh seed to cause the first major upset of the tournament. Konta had been hoping to improve on previous semi-final appearances at Wimbledon and the Australian Open. "It's definitely not an easy defeat to take - it was a close match," Konta told BBC Radio 5 live. "It went to three sets and over two hours.  I try to keep a very good perspective on how this sport works and that is there are no easy matches. "First rounds are always tricky and difficult, regardless of the tournament but I guess especially in Slams, so I think that's for everybody, not just me. "My opponent dealt with it and I competed until the very last ball, so I can't be too harsh on myself in that sense, but I've definitely got a lot to improve on, which is also a positive thing. "Konta, 26, has enjoyed another terrific year, cementing her place inside the top 10, winning one of the biggest titles in the sport in Miami, and reaching the quarter-finals at the Australian Open and semi-finals at Wimbledon. There was every reason to believe that she would reach similar heights at Flushing Meadows, on her favourite surface of hard courts, but she produced an erratic performance on day one. After easing into a 4-1 lead, the Briton's serve deserted her and hovered around the 40% mark, allowing Krunic to take the initiative. "Credit needs to be given where it's due and that's to how my opponent played," said Konta, who finished the match with 42 unforced errors. "I felt that she raised her level of tennis consistently throughout the match, whereas I struggled to maintain that and fluctuated a little bit more. "That's credit to her for playing as freely as she did. "Konta had arrived in New York with an outside chance of taking the world number one ranking, but she is now looking the other way and hanging on to a place in the top eight. That would give her a place in the season-ending WTA Finals for the first time, after she narrowly missed out in 2016. "The goal is to stay healthy, for one, and play a full season, but also to keep trying to get better. "I think, if anything, today gives me a great opportunity to do just that, and I've got still a few tournaments left in the season, and if Singapore is in the cards for me, then I will take it and be very grateful. "If not, I will take what comes my way.
