Skiing on Scotland's snow slopes looks set to continue into the summer month of June as new figures reveal the best season in 14 years.
One of the more unusual titles at E3, the worlds largest video games exhibition held each year in Los Angeles, is Konami's Lucha Libre AAA: Heroes del Ring.
The Duchess of Cornwall has used some of the currency accepted by businesses in south London - known as Brixton Pounds - on a visit to a local market with the Prince of Wales.
A sports car once owned by the late British actress Diana Dors has sold for $3 million (Â£1.9m) at a California auction.
Nine endangered animals are to be confiscated from a Ceredigion zoo after its owners admitted displaying animals without the proper paperwork.
The One Laptop Per Child organisation has been given a $5.6m (Â£3.5m) grant to develop a tablet version of its educational computer.
A plaque with the names of those from Merseyside who lost their lives fighting in the Spanish Civil War has found a permanent home in Liverpool.
The death toll from the current cholera epidemic in Haiti has exceeded 500, the country's health ministry has said.
From a giant billboard in the Salvadorean capital, a man with a defiant attitude shows off a slogan on his shirt: "No one can intimidate El Salvador," it reads.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Lithuania was wrong to bar former President Rolandas Paksas from running for parliament after he had been ousted from power in 2004.
Writer Shane Meadows is to make a one-off Christmas special to follow on from the This is England film and TV series.
"Go, go, Mubarak go" and "the people need to end this regime" shouted the angry crowds around al-Istiqamma mosque in Cairo's Giza Square, as they shook their fists at the lines of helmeted riot police after Friday prayers.
The government says it will increase the levy on banks from 0.078% to 0.088% from 1 January.
Plans to rebuild flood-damaged Gloucester City Football Club's stadium have gone on display.
Legal action taken against the British government to secure compensation for four Kenyans allegedly tortured during the Mau Mau uprising will cast the spotlight on one of the Empire's bloodiest conflicts.
George Cole was a veteran of more than 60 films in a career that spanned eight decades.
Pakistan's main intelligence agency, the ISI, has said it is embarrassed by its failures on al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden.
Ten Hampden Park-sized football grounds could be fitted into the 332 acres of land calculated to have been burnt in wild fires in the north since 1 May.
It's thought as many as half a million people crammed the roads and beaches outside the Kennedy Space Center to see Endeavour's final launch.
In the wave of dissent sweeping over the Arab world, an old lesson is being re-learnt: that armies are the key to unlocking a revolution's potential.
England women's coach Hope Powell praised her players after they beat Japan 2-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup.
Carlos Tevez's move from Manchester City to Corinthians has fallen through because the Brazilian club pulled out.
A French-Vietnamese dissident blogger has been jailed in Vietnam for three years for attempted subversion.
The Land Rover Defender has become an automotive icon, remaining largely unchanged since the first Land Rover was introduced in 1948, before going on to enjoy sales of more than two million around the world.
A 30-year-old man has been released on bail after being arrested by police investigating phone hacking at the News of the World.
Indian PM Manmohan Singh has concluded a historic visit to Bangladesh by signing a series of protocols but without agreement on two major issues.
YouTube has enlisted the help of Prof Stephen Hawking in the hunt for budding young scientists.
Cash machine users doubled their money when an ATM started giving out free cash in North Lanarkshire.
Singer Dannii Minogue has been presented with an honorary degree by a Hampshire university.
A full review of security has been carried out by NHS Lothian after a hospital cleaner allegedly used information about a female patient to contact her on Facebook.
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has announced plans to launch unmanned rockets and carry cargo into space.
Northampton Saints full-back Ben Foden believes his rivalry with Harlequins' Mike Brown can benefit both players and England.
Police in India's Maharashtra state have arrested five members of an upper caste for beating, stripping and parading naked a low-caste Dalit woman.
Earnie Shavers said modern heavyweights "were not fit to carry Muhammad Ali's gym bag", on the occasion of his old rival's 70th birthday.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Cardiff City have signed Wycombe Wanderers winger Kadeem Harris for an undisclosed fee.
Widnes have rejected concerns raised about the safety of their artificial pitch following Friday night's Super League opener against Wakefield.
Former England defender Graeme Le Saux says more needs to be done to support gay footballers.
A Nigerian man accused of trying to bomb a US-bound flight on Christmas Day 2009 has been sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a publicity photo showed her with the Arabic word for "Allah" tattooed on her upper body.
The Olympic torch will hitch a ride on Cleethorpes' light railway and visit Scunthorpe's new leisure centre as it passes through the Humber region.
Fabrice Muamba was "in effect dead" for 78 minutes following his on-field collapse, the Bolton Wanderers club doctor Jonathan Tobin has revealed.
Internet giant Amazon's owner Jeff Bezos has made an amazing underwater discovery.
When India qualified for the 1950 World Cup in Brazil they refused to participate - partly because it would have meant their normally bare foot team having to wear football boots.
Doncaster Rovers boss Dean Saunders says the club are continuing to investigate claims that forward El-Hadji Diouf breached club discipline.
British and Burmese authorities could work together to find 20 Spitfires buried in Burma at the end of the World War II, officials say.
Six years ago, professional horse-rider Claire Lomas was told that she would never walk again but now she is attempting to walk more than 26 miles (42km) at Sunday's London Marathon thanks to a pair of "robot legs", which have transformed her life.
Irish priest Father Brian D'Arcy has said he believes Cardinal Sean Brady was willing to offer his resignation two years ago but the Vatican refused.
A World War I airbase in Essex has been granted listed status.
Saudi King Abdullah has sacked one of his most hardline advisers, Sheikh Abdelmohsen al-Obeikan.
At least two people have been killed and 18 injured in clashes overnight in the Lebanese capital Beirut.
Wales' largest independent brewer is planning to open about 30 coffee shops over three years as it diversifies from its traditional pub business.
Hull FC have signed 20-year-old centre Joe Arundel from Castleford Tigers on a four-year contract from 2013.
The Indian economy grew at the slowest rate since 2003 in the first three months of 2012, due to a widening trade gap and poor investment.
China's imports of crude oil from Iran rebounded in May after the two countries resolved a payment dispute.
South Africa's governing ANC has expressed its "disgust" at a cartoon of President Jacob Zuma as a penis.
US Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is expected to name his vice-presidential running mate soon - possibly within days.
Mexico stunned favourites Brazil 2-1 at Wembley to win the men's Olympic football gold medal for the first time.
Great Britain will miss the men's Olympic 4x100m relay final after being disqualified in their semi-final.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with cancer, her family has said.
Cameras will be banned from next week's hearing when the suspect in the Colorado cinema shooting is to be formally charged, a judge has ruled.
More than 30 of the Britons who won medals at London 2012 were aged 25 or under.
Irish Paralympic star Jason Smyth will battle on to achieve his goal of competing at an Olympics despite missing out on the recent London Games.
Wales defender Neil Taylor is expected to miss the rest of the season after fracturing an ankle in Swansea City's 2-2 draw with Sunderland on Saturday.
After two years of inquest evidence, a detailed picture has built up of how an FA Cup match at Sheffield Wednesday's Hillsborough ground turned into a disaster that claimed 96 lives and left hundreds more injured.
The takeover of Bradford Bulls by Omar Khan's consortium has been ratified by the Rugby Football League.
More than 1,000 campaigners trying to save a north Wales community hospital from closure have marched to a health board consultation meeting.
BBC NI political reporter Stephen Walker meets Lord Bannside to discuss the anniversary of the signing of the Ulster Covenant.
Ed Miliband may have wowed delegates with his "look - no notes" speech to the Labour conference but not everyone is going home happy.
Yum Brands, which runs the KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell restaurant chains, has seen third quarter profits soar 23%, boosted by strong sales in China.
Britain's Leanda Cave pulled away in the last three miles of the run to win the Ironman World Championship in Hawaii.
Uefa has charged the Football Associations of England and Serbia in the wake of Tuesday's Under-21 match.
Police investigating the murder of a Newtownabbey man have re-visited three scenes connected to the killing.
Researchers at the Large Hadron Collider have detected one of the rarest particle decays seen in nature.
Wigan midfielder Ben Watson could be back in training within six weeks despite suffering a fractured shin in the 3-0 defeat at Liverpool.
A tenfold increase in the number of English schools converting to academies has meant £1bn in extra costs, says the government's spending watchdog.
Every day since 28 November, 10-year-old Rohit Kumar has sat from dawn to dusk on the banks of the Gandak river in the eastern Indian state of Bihar with a magnetic fishing line trying to fish out coins from the water.
Almost 150,000 cruise ship passengers are scheduled to visit the Bailiwick of Guernsey during 2013.
Yacouba Toure and a couple of his friends have gathered around his crackling radio in Mali's historic city of Timbuktu, soon after French-led troops captured it from militant Islamists.
AC Milan have signed striker Mario Balotelli from Premier League champions Manchester City for £19m.
Ben Affleck has won the top film honour from the Directors Guild of America for his Iran hostage drama, Argo.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger says she still "wants justice" 20 years after her son's death.
A 55-year-old woman has died after a couple became trapped under rubble when a coal lorry ploughed into a house in Fairlie, Ayrshire.
Flanker Nic Cudd has signed a new two-year deal with the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Michelle Yeoh has been honoured with the Excellence in Asian Cinema award at the Asian Film Awards in Hong Kong.
Elections will be held in 34 local authorities in England and 1 in Wales on 2 May 2013.
Hon Hai Precision Industry, a major assembler of Apple products, has posted record quarterly profits helped by growing demand for iPhones and iPads.
Consent for a wind farm off Aberdeen which is opposed by Donald Trump has been granted by the Scottish government, angering the US tycoon.
David Cameron is embarking on a series of visits to Spain, France and Germany in a bid to sell his idea of reforming the European Union to other leaders.
The influential head of Google, Eric Schmidt, has called for civilian drone technology to be regulated, warning about privacy and security concerns.
Plans to build more than 1,000 homes a year in York over the next 15 years have been criticised  by opposition councillors.
England's game against Australia will kick off the Rugby League World Cup at the Millennium Stadium on 26 October.
Actress Keira Knightley has married Klaxons star James Righton in the south of France.
David Cameron has said the UK continues to recognise Chinese sovereignty over Tibet amid reports of a rift with Beijing over the issue.
American football legend OJ Simpson has asked a Nevada judge to grant him a new trial in the 2008 armed robbery case that left him serving a lengthy prison sentence.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has fired a senior official over an incident caused by his daughter at an exclusive restaurant last month.
Mario Balotelli has threatened to walk off the pitch if he is ever again subjected to racist abuse from fans.
Muslim leaders from around the world have taken part in an unprecedented trip to Germany and Poland to see and hear for themselves about the horrors of the Jewish Holocaust.
Tottenham midfielder Andros Townsend has been fined £18,000 by the Football Association for breaching betting regulations.
Sri Lanka is to investigate the role of the media in the death of a Buddhist monk on Saturday, the day after he set fire to himself.
Plans to overhaul legal aid in England and Wales would remove the right of defendants to choose a solicitor, a retired senior judge has warned.
James Anderson became England's leading wicket-taker in one-day internationals with his 235th victim as they
The British and Irish Lions face a final-Test decider in Sydney next Saturday after Australia hit back to win a desperately tense second Test in Melbourne.
Crawley Town have completed the signing of former West Brom defender James Hurst on a free transfer.
Three months ago, a woman from a village south of Hanoi needed her son referred to a provincial hospital by a district doctor for an operation.
Sir Elton John has said he is "lucky to be alive" after being diagnosed with appendicitis.
A new picture of actor David Bradley as the first Doctor, William Hartnell, has been released by the BBC.
Controversial plans for 10 marine conservation zones have been withdrawn by a Welsh government minister.
Lincoln Ladies have insisted their controversial relocation to Nottingham and decision to play as Notts County next season was their only option.
The fastest shark in the ocean - and a cousin of the Great White - has been caught by a crew fishing off the Pembrokeshire coast.
Early results from an archaeological dig at an Iron Age fort in Cardiff suggest it may have been the region's centre of power, experts have said.
A man in a wheelchair with an apparent grievance has detonated a small device at Beijing International Airport.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates are destined for the scrapyard, the BBC has learned.
Lithuania's Ruta Meilutyte broke the 100m breaststroke world record in the World Championship semi-finals.
The head of Spain's public railways says the crew of the train which derailed at high speed last month killing 79 people had not reported any problems before the crash.
UK unemployment fell by 4,000 in the three months to June leaving 2.51 million out of work, says the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Aston Villa have signed Czech Republic striker Libor Kozak from Lazio in a deal worth about £7m.
The UK economy is "turning a corner", Chancellor George Osborne has said in a speech in London.
Tesco has agreed to sell 150 of its Fresh & Easy stores to the investment company Yucaipa Companies.
Jeremy Guscott fought many battles with Leicester during his years in the centres for Bath, so he knows just how strong the rivalry is between the two clubs.
A 72-year-old cyclist died after she fell from her bike after hitting a pothole in Monmouth, an inquest heard.
A central provision of President Barack Obama's healthcare reform law has taken effect, having survived Republicans' years-long effort to undermine it.
People concerned with traffic congestion in villages near Stonehenge are stepping up a campaign for "urgent action" to be taken.
The world's most valuable individual prize - the Mo Ibrahim prize for good governance in Africa - has gone unclaimed yet again.
A life-size bronze statue of comedy character Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in his hometown of Timperley in Greater Manchester.
The sister of a cyclist who was killed in east London last week has urged witnesses to contact police.
Police have said 560 people have been charged or reported in connection with flag protests in Northern Ireland.
A woman has pleaded guilty to murdering three men whose bodies were found in ditches in Cambridgeshire.
Brian O'Driscoll and Jonathan Sexton have recovered from injuries and will play for Ireland against New Zealand.
Sweden captain Zlatan Ibrahimovic says the World Cup is not worth watching without him after their play-off loss.
Silvestre Varela's equaliser deep into injury time kept Portugal in the World Cup as their Group G clash with the USA ended in a dramatic draw in Manaus.
Cristian, a 32-year-old blacksmith from Uruguay, grows five cannabis plants with care and dedication in the back yard of his workshop on the outskirts of Montevideo.
Johnny Cash's son, John Carter Cash, has described a new album by his late father as "a great treasure",  saying there will be more records released in the future.
Team GB should expect to win at least three medals at the Winter Olympics in Sochi, according to UK Sport.
Manchester United have opened talks with Wayne Rooney over a new deal that could keep the striker at Old Trafford for the rest of his career.
France has charged Yemenia Airways with manslaughter over a 2009 crash off the Comoros Islands that killed 152 people, judicial sources say.
From September primary schools across England will have to teach foreign languages.
A senior adviser to Russian President Vladimir Putin has accused the US of meddling in Ukraine, in breach of a 1994 agreement over non-intervention.
Police in the US and Italy say they have arrested 26 people in a joint raid against a new mafia-operated drug trafficking route.
Dame Judi Dench says she has no plans to retire from acting, despite failing eyesight which has left her unable to read scripts.
A cancer treatment hospital in Greater Manchester is being investigated by the health regulator.
The UK Wife Carrying Championships have a winner!
Peter Kennaugh recorded a landmark overall victory at Settimana Coppi e Bartali in Italy on Sunday.
The brutal killing of a promising teenage street footballer has concentrated minds in Brazil ahead of the World Cup this summer.
It is a day when women from Merseyside are encouraged to dress in their finest clothes and enjoy a day at the races at Ladies' Day.
A new study covering 17 EU countries says that far more honeybees are dying in the UK and other parts of northern Europe than in Mediterranean countries.
Mystery surrounds the fate of more than 100 teenage girls who were abducted from a school in the remote north-east of Nigeria.
A son of Jean McConville has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams warned him several years ago there would be a "backlash" if he released the names of those he believed killed her.
Helen Glover expects her partnership with Polly Swann to develop quickly as they prepare for the European Championships in Belgrade.
A venture capital firm has appointed a computer algorithm to its board of directors.
Actor Sir Christopher Lee is marking his 92nd birthday by releasing an album of heavy metal cover versions.
Raith Rovers have signed Martin Scott after the 28-year-old midfielder was released by Scottish Championship rivals Livingston.
A Russian jet flew within 100ft (30m) of a US Air Force plane over international waters near Japan in April, US officials have said.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup.
Audience members were moved to tears at the opening of Marina Abramovic's new show at London's Serpentine Gallery.
Peter Houston has targeted a Scottish Championship play-off place after being unveiled as the new manager of Falkirk.
A memorial service has been held for one of the four yachtsmen who was lost at sea when their yacht Cheeki Rafiki capsized in the Atlantic.
Five Syria-linked jihadist groups - including the The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) - have been banned in the UK by MPs.
Ministers are providing £4m funding for a planned new surfing centre and "wave park" in Snowdonia.
Arcade Fire brought a party atmosphere to Glastonbury on Friday, hours after an electric storm stopped the festival.
Lionel Messi is not the only threat in the Argentina team, according to Switzerland's Admir Mehmedi ahead of Tuesday's last-16 World Cup clash.
Dame Judi Dench has been announced as Surrey Wildlife Trust's new patron.
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino has ordered that all of the club's players must live in the city.
Lithuanian defender Marius Zaliukas has signed a two-year contract with Rangers, after impressing during a trial with the Ibrox club.
The Scottish government has announced funding for a initiative to reduce the cost of offshore wind energy.
World famous conductor Sir Andrew Davis is one of the most familiar faces at the Proms.
Nigeria's president has accused activists of "playing politics" after his meeting with parents of the abducted schoolgirls was called off.
Prince Buaben has become Hearts' sixth summer signing after agreeing terms with the Tynecastle club.
Leyton Orient boss Russell Slade will work with a sporting director next season after a restructure in the wake of Francesco Becchetti's takeover.
Olympic medallist Wendy Houvenaghel has announced her retirement from cycling after pulling out of the Northern Ireland team for the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow because of injury.
A man whose body parts were found at a Bristol recycling plant has been identified as a Swindon man by police.
Up to a quarter of Iraq's Christians are reported to be fleeing after Islamic militants seized the minority group's biggest town.
Luis Suarez's four-month ban for biting an opponent has been upheld by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
Australia's Woodside Petroleum has seen a 27% jump in first half profit, mainly driven by higher prices for its key product - liquefied natural gas (LNG).
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones has welcomed the news that the Welsh Rugby Union and its four regions are set to sign a new participation agreement.
Bournemouth have signed Norwich midfielder Andrew Surman for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
This isn't just the worst single Ebola outbreak in history, it has now killed more than all the others combined.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index of leading blue-chip shares closed the day down by 0.36% at 6853.40.
Residents fighting the demolition of their homes as part of regeneration of the Sheerwater estate in Surrey claim they have not been consulted.
When you think of the brand name Philips, you probably think of consumer electronics and lighting.
Legendary former England opening batsman Geoffrey Boycott opposes the view that England do not concentrate enough on one-day cricket, but is not particularly enamoured with the selectors.
Volunteers and well-wishers have pulled together in a huge effort to raise more than £500,000 in the wake of a fire that killed 60 animals at a dogs' home.
The Republic of Ireland's economy grew 1.5% in the second quarter of the year, figures show, and was up 7.7% on the April-to-June period in 2013.
Angelina Jolie has signed up to direct Africa, a film about celebrated conservationist Richard Leakey's battles with ivory poachers.
Harry Potter star Emma Watson's been speaking out about making boys and girls more equal.
A Leicestershire retail park is to get an injection of investment after being purchased by the Crown Estate.
A Sussex PCSO who stole thousands of pounds from passengers while on duty at Gatwick Airport, has been jailed for six and a half years
Despite being a ratings winner for Channel 4, Benefits Street came with its fair share of complaints.
Sam Tomkins says he is still open to a return to Wigan Warriors in the future.
A new home could soon be found for Newport's medieval ship, safeguarding its future restoration.
North East Conservatives are not an endangered species as such, but they are a select bunch, and their MPs are even thinner on the ground.
Three people were killed when a "monster truck" ploughed into a crowd of onlookers at an annual motor show in the east of the Netherlands.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers described his team's 2-1 victory against West Brom as a "big win" after a stuttering start to the season.
Northstone, one of Northern Ireland largest construction groups, reported reduced turnover and profits in 2013.
When DJ Campbell stepped out onto the Ewood Park pitch for Blackburn in October 2013, the striker - then earning a reported £25,000 a week - did not expect he would be playing for free at non-league side Maidenhead United barely 12 months later.
Police in a small Alaska town mistakenly told a couple their son had been killed in a car crash, leading to an extraordinary reunion hours later.
The Netherlands were beaten in Iceland to suffer their second defeat in three Euro 2016 qualifiers.
Wigan prop Ben Flower has been given a six-month ban - the longest in Super League history - for punching St Helens' Lance Hohaia.
Gale force winds of up to 70mph and heavy rain will arrive in Wales on Monday evening, said the Met Office.
Sale were overpowered as Clermont Auvergne clicked into gear in the second half to earn a European Rugby Champions Cup bonus point.
British actress Keira Knightley is to make her Broadway debut next year in a stage version of a famous French novel.
Lala Njava's music is grounded in Madagascan tradition but is enriched with jazz, trance and afrobeat.
Serbia have been awarded a 3-0 walkover against Albania after their Euro 2016 qualifier in Belgrade was abandoned, Uefa has confirmed.
Forward Vadaine Oliver has joined Mansfield Town on an emergency one-month loan from Crewe Alexandra.
Zinedine Zidane can continue coaching Real Madrid reserves until his appeal against a three-month ban is heard.
St Mirren player-coach Jim Goodwin has been charged by the Scottish FA with violent conduct and offered a two-match suspension.
A field of remembrance honouring members of the armed forces from the past 100 years is open at Cardiff Castle.
One of the longest-held detainees at the US facility at Guantanamo Bay, a Kuwaiti man, has been sent home, officials say.
At a press conference last week, opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi was asked for her assessment of Myanmar's reform process.
In the Malaysian capital, Ruby Khong devotes her lunch hours delivering food to the needy, even when the tropical heat and humidity make it hard to breathe.
The London Underground's Northern Line extension to Battersea has been given the go-ahead.
The Stromeferry bypass in Wester Ross has been reopened after a landslide led to travel on the road being restricted to between 07:00 and 19:00.
Ian Poulter extended his lead to six shots after round two of the delayed Turkish Airlines Open in Belek.
An aircraft which crashed in France killing a father and son fell from the sky "like a stone" when its wings failed, an inquest has heard.
A lorry driver has smashed through the front wall of a pub in Wiltshire.
Roger Federer beat Richard Gasquet to seal Switzerland's first Davis Cup triumph, then dedicated the victory to his team-mates.
Italy's first female astronaut, Samantha Cristoforetti, is spending almost six months on the International Space Station.
Steve Backshall has spoken about his disappointment that it was reported he was bullied on Strictly Come Dancing by his dance partner Ola Jordan.
The Wedgwood Museum collection has been bought from administrators after £15.75m was raised to save it.
US President Barack Obama has requested $263m (Â£167m) to improve police training, pay for body cameras and restore trust in policing.
Boyhood, a film 12 years in the making, has won top honours at the New York Film Critics awards.
Fleetwood Mac have been announced as the first headline act of Isle of Wight 2015.
A woman who added Skywalker as a middle name has had her passport cancelled after being told her application was "frivolous".
Everton's much-changed side fell to a Europa League defeat as Krasnodar's Ricardo Laborde took advantage of a Joel Robles error to score the winner.
Imagine this: an oil spill the size of the Gulf of Mexico 2010 disaster, but this time in the Persian Gulf.
A man has been disqualified from driving for 22 months after he crashed his car into a house in West Sussex and caused a gas leak.
Throughout the bitter violence of the Ukrainian conflict, another hidden war has been waged, involving several groups of computer hackers.
The UK Independence Party spent almost as much as the Conservatives at this year's European elections - while the Lib Dems outspent Labour, Electoral Commission figures show.
The vast majority of Pakistanis may be united in grief for the school children murdered in Peshawar  - but many say they still don't know who carried out the attacks.
Photographs showing a festive Prince Harry have been released, to mark his support of a charity helping children affected by HIV and Aids.
Home improvements retailer Kingfisher has agreed to sell a controlling stake in B&Q China to Wumei Holdings.
Residents in one of the government's new garden cities are warning potential home buyers there is no fast broadband on their development.
Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Aaron Tshibola on a one-month loan deal and Mansfield striker Rakish Bingham on a season-long loan.
League Two side Cambridge United have been drawn at home to Manchester United in the fourth round of the FA Cup.
A number of emergency call outs to properties being fumigated with pest control "smoke bombs" has prompted a warning from Dorset Fire Service.
A leading drugs expert is warning the rogue ecstasy pills linked to four deaths this year, may have changed brand or colour.
An armed raid at a jewellers could be linked to one at another branch three months ago, police have said.
Controversial French comedian Dieudonne M'bala M'bala has been detained by police for a Facebook comment appearing to back Paris gunman Amedy Coulibaly.
A railway carriage that carried Sir Winston Churchill's coffin to his final resting place has been restored in County Durham.
The US Supreme Court will rule this year on whether gay couples have a right to marry across all states.
Alfreton Town have signed goalkeeper Jason Mooney on loan from League Two side York for the rest of the season.
Congo reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time since 1992 by topping Group A.
Cape Verde and Zambia both bowed out of the African Cup of Nations after a game which at one point looked as though it would stop because of torrential rain.
She's made a name writing global hits for some of the biggest stars in music and now Charli XCX is hoping to add another credit to the list.
Consumer goods giant Unilever has reported lower-than-expected full-year sales after demand for its products in emerging markets continued to slow.
The United States women's team goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended for 30 days by US Soccer following an incident during a training camp.
Rihanna has released a collaboration with Kanye West and Paul McCartney, called Four Five Seconds.
Schoolchildren will perform their own work at this year's Proms.
Here teachers in France tell the BBC about their struggles to assert the country's traditional values of free expression and secularism in the wake of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
The world's largest economy expanded less than expected in the final three months of 2014 despite lower fuel prices boosting consumer confidence.
The first day of pre-season testing for the new Formula 1 season has started at Spain's Jerez track with three leading teams unveiling their cars.
Andy Murray's fiancee Kim Sears laughed off the controversy over her colourful language in Melbourne by wearing a 'Parental Advisory: Explicit Content' T-shirt to the Australian Open final.
Yet again, we are looking at shocking pictures of a plane crash.
Wales recovered from their opening Six Nations defeat by England to secure a hard-fought win at Murrayfield that leaves Scotland without a point.
Becky James has suffered a setback in her recovery from a serious knee injury, says British Cycling chief Shane Sutton.
Virat Kohli compiled a composed hundred to help defending champions India begin the World Cup with a 76-run victory over fierce rivals Pakistan.
David Cameron has voiced his "strong support" for the expansion of grammar schools during a visit to the South East.
The Ukrainian president says his forces are making an "organised" withdrawal from the embattled town of Debaltseve.
A 1960s-built cathedral that was "at serious risk of closure" has raised more than 90% of its £7m target for urgent repairs and development.
The election is approaching fast and both Houses of Parliament have put in some short days recently.
Australian rugby union star Karmichael Hunt has been charged with supplying cocaine, officials say.
It's not often Russell Brand plays second fiddle as a guest on a TV show.
Most collectors would probably tell you they couldn't put a price on their beloved collectables, but Craig Stevens probably had to re-think that one.
An apology has been issued after health inspectors raised concerns about patient care for older people at the Galloway Community Hospital.
Bath have agreed a deal for Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Jonathan Evans for next season.
Cycling's governing body has condemned E3 Harelbeke organisers for a controversial billboard poster that promotes this year's race in Belgium.
The Islamic State (IS) group has released a video appearing to show the destruction of statues in Iraq.
Cardiff City lost nearly £12m during their debut season in the Premier League.
A bird that was on the road to extinction in its native habitat in the Brecklands of Norfolk and Suffolk is thriving after 30 years of care.
She has been the long suffering girlfriend of Chris Brown, but after four rocky years Karrueche Tran says enough is enough.
Michael van Gerwen has won the UK Open title for the first time in his career, beating Peter Wright 11-5 in the final in Minehead.
Dutch Justice Minister Ivo Opstelten and his state secretary, Fred Teeven, have resigned after misleading parliament over a 2001 compensation payment to a convicted drug trafficker.
Thomas Ridgewell, aka TomSka, is a long-serving YouTuber - he's been making comedy videos for years.
Three of the best known piers in England and Wales have been put on the market for a collective price of £12.6m.
A plan for up to 117 new homes on a site at Carrbridge in the Cairngorms National Park has been turned down.
About 2,000 people have attended the funeral march for a German woman who died fighting Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Oscar-winning actress Emma Thompson has joined the cast of Disney's live-action take on Beauty and the Beast.
Nineteen people, including 17 foreign tourists, have been killed in a gun attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, the PM says.
American rapper A$AP Yams died of an accidental drug overdose, according to New York City's chief medical examiner.
David Natzler has been named as the next Clerk of the Commons, ending a controversial process which pitted Speaker John Bercow against some MPs.
More than 600 people in an East Yorkshire village have objected to plans for 119 new homes.
The jury in the trial of an architect accused of murdering a childcare worker in the Republic of Ireland has retired to consider its verdict.
Thousands of homes in Hull have been left without water due to a technical fault.
The number of GPs in Wales rose overall by 10.5% in the 10 years to 2014, according to new figures.
Algeria lost their first game since exiting the Africa Cup of Nations in the quarter-finals, losing 1-0 to Qatar in  a friendly in Doha on Thursday.
The question has been raised - is 27-year-old Andreas Lubitz a mass murderer for bringing down a plane full of passengers, killing everyone on board?
The desk where Charles Dickens wrote Great Expectations is finally on public display thanks to a £780,000 grant.
The Conservatives would have to choose a new leader before the end of the next Parliament if David Cameron wins a second term as prime minister, Welfare Secretary Iain Duncan Smith has said.
Two bodies been found at the site of a massive gas explosion that flattened three buildings in New York on Thursday.
A UKIP parliamentary candidate who said in a Facebook post that Israel should "kidnap" US President Barack Obama has been replaced by his party.
A Dublin man accused of stabbing his friend in a County Antrim hotel has been granted bail.
A £50m ferry that was damaged in high winds on its second day in service has been repaired and is back in operation.
A 57 year-old man from a Devon village has emerged as one of the first people to cash in their pensions under the government's reforms.
Asian shares rose on Thursday despite investors being cautious ahead of a Good Friday public holiday in some major markets.
Breakfast at the Wangs' on a Sunday: it's a lesson in how attitudes in Taiwan towards China have changed significantly in just three generations.
A civilian cargo aircraft has landed safely after being escorted into Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after suffering technical problems with its communications equipment.
Newport Gwent Dragons staged a dramatic fightback before holding off Cardiff Blues to reach the European Challenge Cup semi-finals.
Voters appear to want more powers for the Scottish Parliament - beyond the proposals currently on offer, according to a new poll commissioned by BBC Scotland.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo has been urged to investigate at least 421 bodies found in an unmarked burial ground in the capital, Kinshasa.
A dramatic injury-time equaliser from teenage substitute Kyle Wootton gifted Scunthorpe a point against relegation rivals Port Vale.
An Australian court has ordered internet service providers (ISPs) to hand over details of customers accused of illegally downloading a US movie.
A construction worker on the site of a new £49m arts centre in Gwynedd has described the project as "chaotic".
Leeds Rhinos maintain their lead at the top of Super League with a five-try victory over Salford Red Devils.
Data on all passengers leaving the UK is being collected and handed to the Home Office under a scheme being phased in at ports and border crossings.
Alastair Cook hit his first England century since November 2013 on day two of their warm-up match against a St Kitts & Nevis Invitational XI.
(Close): Fashion house Burberry led the market higher following speculation that it could be a bid target.
It started as a mission to collect whiskey for a party towards the end of World War Two and ended in a blazing inferno in which 11 US personnel died.
A battle is under way to save the apartment in New York's Hotel Chelsea where Dylan Thomas slipped into a coma just four days before he died.
TT rider Gary Carswell has died after a crash during a practice race on the Isle of Man.
The leader of South Africa's opposition, the Democratic Alliance, has said she will not stand for re-election at the party's congress next month.
Shares in China were higher on Monday as weaker-than-expected trade data from the mainland raised hopes among investors that Beijing may introduce further stimulus measures soon.
Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai has called for more action to free schoolgirls abducted by militant Islamists in Nigeria a year ago.
Porto shocked Bayern Munich to take a first-leg lead in an entertaining Champions League quarter-final tie.
Parliamentary candidates for Newcastle-under-Lyme all called for a "joined-up policy" on health and social care in north Staffordshire at a public debate.
A Lebanese journalist has become the first person to take the stand at the UN-backed tribunal at The Hague investigating the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri.
A woman in the US state of Utah who admitted killing six of her own newborn babies has been sentenced to up to life in prison.
A man has been jailed for four years for attacking a woman in her 20s in the street in Canterbury.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has unveiled measures to help people providing unpaid care for family and friends as he campaigns in mid Wales.
Four silver coins dating from the 14th Century that were found on County Down farmland have been declared to be treasure at an inquest in Belfast.
Hundreds of tourists were evacuated from New York's Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island as a precaution due to a bomb threat and suspicious package.
AP McCoy missed out on a winner but was saluted by a sell-out crowd as the 20-time champion jockey ended his racing career at Sandown.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has accused rival parties of "dangerous and divisive rhetoric" in a "desperate" attempt to win votes.
Fans were locked out of Baltimore Orioles' game against Chicago White Sox following violent protests in the city.
Asian markets traded lower on Thursday with investor sentiment dented by a weaker than expected first quarter growth figure in the US.
Birmingham City club captain Paul Robinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
The UK could be poised for a second general election by Christmas if either Labour or the Conservatives try to form a minority government after 7 May, Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has warned.
Retailer Watt Brothers has announced plans to create 350 new jobs by opening six new stores and expanding three others over the next few years.
Clermont full-back Nick Abendanon says the Rugby Football Union should allow players working for clubs outside England to represent the national team.
One of Scotland's most successful entrepreneurs has sold his tyre-fitting business for £50m to Michelin.
Asian shares fell on Thursday, tracking losses seen on US markets after Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen expressed concerns over share valuations.
Four suspected illegal immigrants are on the run after a lorry containing ten people was discovered by police following a "distress" call from one of the people inside.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Dutch forward Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven.
Respect leader George Galloway has been reported to police for allegedly breaking election law.
High profile Liberal Democrats have lost three strongholds in the Highlands and Islands.
UK oil and gas exploration firm BG Group, which is set to be taken over by Royal Dutch Shell, has reported a big drop in first-quarter earnings.
Middlesbrough winger Mustapha Carayol says it is the "right time" in his career to commit his international future to the Gambia.
Manchester United and Northern Ireland defender Paddy McNair will make the draw for this year's Milk Cup in Belfast on 26 May.
Oil firm Royal Dutch Shell has won approval from the US Department of Interior to explore for oil in the Arctic.
They fought against Hitler and helped rebuild Britain - yet the contributions of thousands of men and women from Caribbean colonies during World War Two have been largely forgotten.
Alliance Trust Savings has announced plans to buy an Edinburgh-based share trading company from Brewin Dolphin.
Edinburgh's flickering hopes of staying in European Champions Cup contention were extinguished by Leinster.
A man has been airlifted from a mountain in Snowdonia after injuring his leg while out walking.
He may have a famous name but he does not have an office or a phone yet.
The family of a soldier found dead at Deepcut Barracks has urged a coroner to let her body be exhumed so a "full inquiry" can be held into her death.
Aston Villa have signed Manchester City winger Scott Sinclair on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley said he will be staying at the club until they win a trophy or qualify for the Champions League.
Charter Communications has agreed to buy media giant Time Warner Cable in a deal which values the company at $78.7bn (Â£52bn).
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts as part of a search for two teenagers from Dewsbury thought to be in Syria.
A 20-year-old man has been charged following a collision between a quad bike and a seven-year-old boy in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
GoPro's chief executive has confirmed it will make its own quadcopter drones.
A new "blanket ban" on so-called legal highs will carry prison sentences of up to seven years, the government says.
Relegated Cheltenham Town have signed former Oldham striker Amari Morgan-Smith on a one-year deal.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of an Army medical officer who treated prisoners at a German concentration camp in 1945 following its liberation.
A County Londonderry woman who uses music to "transform the lives of people with disabilities" has been honoured with a BBC Unsung Hero award.
Jessica Ennis-Hill has fallen from fourth to eighth place after six events at the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis.
An public inquiry is under way into plans for up to 500 new homes in an area of open land in Kent.
Dundee have signed defender Julen Etxabeguren Leanizbarrutia on a three-year deal.
Enrique Iglesias's hand injuries are worse than expected, his spokesperson has said.
Rents for premium office space in Belfast city centre have risen by 19%, but experts say still not enough to generate a boom in developments.
The Irish government has been criticised for failing to adequately protect the human rights of vulnerable groups during the recession.
Aldershot have announced the signing of defender Sean McGinty from Rochdale on a one-year deal from 1 July.
A finance company has announced plans to create more than 700 jobs in Birmingham before the end of next year.
Police are finally to get access to interviews a former loyalist prisoner gave to an American university project.
An Afghan court has passed a landmark judgement, using DNA evidence to convict a man for the multiple rape of his daughter.
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir has formed a new government a month after winning elections that were boycotted by the main opposition parties and tarnished by a poor turnout.
Positive economic growth data out of Japan failed to drive shares higher in the world's third-largest economy.
A man has been arrested for allegedly using a stolen bulldozer to crush four vehicles and a house in Australia's New South Wales.
Eritrea's government has dismissed as a "vile slander" a UN report accusing it of human rights violations on a scale "seldom witnessed elsewhere".
A funeral is being held for a family who were found stabbed at their home in Didcot, Oxfordshire.
The main motorway link between Scotland and England has fully reopened following a tanker fire.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has urged fellow African leaders to stop receiving foreign aid, saying it is not an acceptable basis for prosperity.
Experts at the Royal Botanic Garden say one of the world's biggest - and smelliest - flowers is about to bloom in Edinburgh.
Shakin' Stevens has been voted Wales' Greatest Living Voice by listeners of BBC Radio Wales.
The latest round of talks between Greek and EU officials in Brussels has failed to reach an agreement.
Gordon Benson claimed Great Britain's first European Games gold medal with victory in the men's triathlon in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Rock band Muse have secured their fifth number one UK album with their latest effort, Drones.
England are one year on from the debacle of their World Cup campaign in Brazil and one year out from Euro 2016 in France - the midpoint in a crucial process of recovery.
Fabio Capello's future as Russia manager is in doubt with the nation's football chief due to "discuss" whether to sack him.
White House officials will not say whether pop star Prince performed at a weekend party at the executive residence despite guests posting about it on social media.
Transport costs helped the UK's inflation rate turn positive in May after one month of negative inflation.
After a chance encounter on a rugby tour 30 years ago, Fijian farmer Sireli Matavesi swapped the south Pacific sunshine for the bleak darkness of a Cornish tin mine.
The West's "whack-a-mole" approach to counter-terrorism has gathered momentum with the killing of Nasser al-Wuhayshi, leader of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).
A minor league baseball team in Utah has cancelled plans to host a "Caucasian Heritage Night" in August, according to the team's website.
Watercolours and drawings by Adolf Hitler have fetched £286,000 (400,000 euros) at a German auction.
From the neolithic to the medieval period, a host of historical artefacts have been hiding in the Belfast hills.
The Port of Calais is closed following blockades by striking French workers, causing severe disruption in Kent.
(Noon): The pound hit a four-week high against the euro as the single currency weakened on Tuesday.
A woman has told the  Victoria Derbyshire programme how she was conned out of her life savings by scammers who sent her a 'phishing' email.
Alex Cuthbert would be "lucky" to regain his Wales place even if Liam Williams is ruled out of the Rugby World Cup, according to Dafydd James.
England made the right decision to omit some of their Premier League players in the European Under-21 Championship, says Football Association director of elite development Dan Ashworth.
The government has turned down plans to build more than 500 homes near an East Yorkshire village.
A federal judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five companies drilling for oil in the Falkland Islands.
There's little trace of the horror - just a sunbed draped in flowers.
Fresh allegations of threatening and sexist behaviour have been made against a father and son at Swansea University's School of Management.
Guernsey have retained their Island Games team table tennis title after beating Gotland 4-2 in Jersey.
The US presidential candidate Donald Trump has filed a multi-million dollar lawsuit against Univision.
Andy Murray will have friend and fellow Briton James Ward for company in the third round of Wimbledon on Saturday.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has unveiled the torch to be used at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
A man has died after attempting to rescue two teenage girls who got into difficulty in the sea in Gwynedd.
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds, one of the "flying doctors" of Irish road racing.
Further talks are due to take place between Caledonian MacBrayne and RMT on ferry workers' jobs and pensions.
A ticker-tape parade in Lower Manhattan on Friday will honour the USA's World Cup-winning women's football team.
The funeral for Billy and Lisa Graham, who were killed in last month's terror attacks in Tunisia, has taken place.
The escape on Saturday of Joaquin Guzman, one of the world's most wanted drug lords, from a maximum-security jail in Mexico, has reignited the discussion about whether he should have been extradited to the United States.
Nigeria forward Victor Moses may now be given a chance to play at Chelsea after returning from his loan deal at Stoke, says Potters manager Mark Hughes.
The flue of a coal fire at the home of a woman suspected to have died from carbon monoxide poisoning was blocked, an inquest has heard.
Is Tony Fadell destined to eclipse his former Apple workmate Sir Jonathan Ive?
Islamic State-affiliated militants in Sinai say they have carried out a missile attack on an Egyptian naval vessel in the Mediterranean Sea.
The US PGA Tour has been warned over its stance on doping before golf's return to the Olympics in 2016.
Ex-Marussia driver Max Chilton dedicated his victory in the Indy Lights race on Saturday to his friend and former team-mate Jules Bianchi.
You can't win the Davis Cup on your own and reaching the semi-finals has been a real team effort.
This ancient fort could not look more different to the red brick housing estate currently occupying suburbia in Monmouthshire.
I'm at the Royal Welsh Show where David Cameron has made his third visit to the showground in a year.
The Russian state wanted former spy Alexander Litvinenko dead, the inquiry into his poisoning has been told.
Hearts' return to the Scottish Premiership is "good" for the top flight's profile, according to SPFL chief executive Neil Doncaster.
The new leader of the Afghan Taliban, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, has called for unity in an audio message, saying that the group will continue fighting.
League Two side Luton moved into the second round of the League Cup with victory over Championship newcomers Bristol City.
Yorkshire and Durham proved that Championship cricket can be just as action-packed as an Ashes Test as 20 wickets fell on day one at Scarborough.
Kilmarnock goalkeeper Craig Samson has agreed an early release from his Rugby Park contract.
Former Wimbledon champion Andy Murray and his wife Kim Sears are expecting their first baby, his agent has confirmed.
Great Britain's men overhauled the United States in a dramatic 4x200m freestyle relay final to win gold at the World Championships in Russia.
A teacher from Nottingham has been swept out to sea in Bulgaria.
Travel operator Tui Group has announced how much its business will be affected by the beach attack in Tunisia in June.
As President Obama finished his speech to the African Union (AU) in Addis Ababa last month and stepped off the stage, a tempest whipped up outside.
Former Rangers midfielder Derek Ferguson reckons being a supporter of the Ibrox club would not stop Scott Allan from succeeding at Celtic.
Visitors have flocked to Cumbria to see two pairs of rare bee-eater birds which set up their home at a quarry.
Jon Daly has not ruled out a return to Dundee United, but the striker thinks his future probably lies abroad following his release by Rangers.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu notices that as election fever sweeps across East Africa, politicians are peeping across the borders to see if there are lessons to be learnt from their neighbours:
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Valencia on a five-year deal worth £32m.
Ibrahima Traore looks set to reject a call-up to the Guinea squad for September's 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Zimbabwe.
A British man caught up in the foiled train attack near Arras in northern France has criticised the actions of the train's staff.
Yorkshire Sculpture Park (YSP) has unveiled plans for a new £3.8m visitor centre at its Bretton Park entrance.
A stargazer has captured a powerful display of the aurora borealis from her living room.
David De Gea's £29m move from Manchester United to Real Madrid has collapsed because the necessary paperwork was not submitted in time.
Planning permission has been granted to create what is believed to be England's largest onshore wind farm.
A fund set up by a man who died in his first triathlon race has exceeded his £300 target by more than £12,000.
Eoin Morgan inspired England to their best one-day international run chase against Australia as they levelled the five-match series to set up a decider at Old Trafford on Sunday.
A missing girl believed to have left home to see a man she met online has been found, say police.
Permission has been given for exploratory drilling for oil and gas in the Vale of Glamorgan.
A Teesside bowling club is being replicated at a County Durham museum.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott is under pressure to increase the country's total refugee intake.
Gardeners trying to cheat their way to the top tomato prize at a horticultural show will be weeded out with DNA tests.
The brother of an aid worker murdered by extremist militants in Syria says he will not hate his killers, calling for compassion for those affected by conflict in the Middle East.
Beth Mead, the leading scorer in Women's Super League One, has signed a new four-year contract with Sunderland.
Justin Gatlin was crowned overall Diamond League champion in the 100m after winning the final race of this year's series in 9.98 seconds.
France has suspended its honorary consul in the Turkish port of Bodrum after a TV report showed a shop she owns selling dinghies to migrants.
A man in his 20s has died after falling from his bike at a motocross event in Suffolk.
The first images acquired by a new UK-built, high-resolution, Earth-observation constellation have been publicly released.
West Ham say they are "disappointed" with a ruling that the terms of their rental of the Olympic Stadium from next season should be made public.
BBC Northern Ireland broadcaster Gerry Anderson has been posthumously inducted into the Phonographic Performance Ireland (PPI) Radio Hall of Fame.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says they have moved on from Saido Berahino's threat to strike after he scored the only goal in their win at Aston Villa.
Cardiff Airport is to get a £3m loan to develop flight routes as part of £46m Welsh government spending on projects to support the economy.
Events organising is "the biggest industry you've never heard of", says Reggie Aggarwal, chief executive of US technology company Cvent.
A man who was in a critical condition after a shooting in Rhondda Cynon Taff two months ago has now died, police said.
Dozens of British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help peacekeeping efforts to counter Islamist militants, David Cameron has announced.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Sergey Andreyev, has said he meant no offence when he appeared to suggest Poland was partly to blame for the start of World War Two.
The original contract signed by The Beatles and manager Brian Epstein has sold at Sotheby's for £365,000.
Popular true crime podcast Serial is set to become a cable TV series.
Wales coach Warren Gatland admitted he will find it hard to support Australia when they play England on Saturday.
Olympic swimming champion Rebecca Adlington has unveiled a £5m refurbishment of Stratford Leisure Centre.
Oscar Pistorius must remain in jail and not be transferred to house arrest after a decision to grant him parole was again delayed.
So-called Islamic State group (IS) has shifted its propaganda distribution to the secure mobile messaging app Telegram from Twitter, where its accounts have been repeatedly shut down over the past year.
Swindon Town have re-signed midfielder Ben Gladwin on a 28-day emergency loan deal from Queens Park Rangers.
The Rugby World Cup has generated about £43m for Newcastle's economy, tourism bosses say.
A man who briefly bought and owned the Google.com web domain has been rewarded by the search giant.
Sir Bruce Forsyth is to return to Strictly Come Dancing for a special Children In Need edition of the show.
Jennifer Lawrence has written an essay expressing her anger at getting paid less than her male co-stars.
Prince Charles and his wife Camilla are to visit Australia and New Zealand in November, his office says.
At least 800,000 pharmacies in India are on a one-day strike, demanding an end to online drug sales which they say is affecting their business.
Uefa has charged the English and Lithuanian Football Associations over crowd disturbances at their Euro 2016 qualifier in Vilnius on Monday.
A supporter of so-called Islamic State photographed a police officer in a mosque car park before plotting to carry out a knife attack around Remembrance Sunday 2014, a court heard.
England had to settle for a draw after an extraordinary final session on the fifth day of the first Test against Pakistan in Abu Dhabi.
Cardiff City are waiting to discover the extent of the injury to Kenwyne Jones that forced the striker to miss Saturday's draw at Preston.
More than 1,200 people were evacuated from the O2 Arena in London due to a fire at a restaurant.
A delegation from Northern Ireland is travelling to Cuba  to provide support for peace talks between the Colombian government and the Farc rebel group.
A sculpture park near Wakefield has reported a 170% rise in visitors since poppies from the Tower of London went on show in September.
Austin Macphee could be the only Scotsman at Euro 2016 after being part of the coaching set-up at Northern Ireland.
An opposition leader in Congo-Brazzaville has called for a "peaceful uprising" ahead of Sunday's referendum on whether the president can run for office again, AFP news agency reports.
An Isle of Wight primary school is to close, despite a parents' campaign to keep it open.
Charlton Athletic head coach Guy Luzon is not concerned about his future despite a run of eight games without a win in the Championship.
Relatives of the 10 people who died in the Clutha helicopter tragedy in Glasgow have been told fuel switches were in the off position when they should have been on.
Carmaker Vauxhall is trying to contact hundreds of thousands of British drivers, over worries their Zafira models could catch fire.
South African President Jacob Zuma has ruled out any increases in university tuition fees for next year after more than a week of protests by students.
England playmaker Rangi Chase has had his contract terminated by Super League side Salford Red Devils following a 'disciplinary procedure'.
Twenty full-time firefighters could lose their jobs in Suffolk in order to meet budget cuts of more than £1m.
Seven pilot whales have died after being found stranded on a beach at the northern French port of Calais.
World Cup final referee Nigel Owens says he intends to keep officiating in international rugby for another four years.
Rory McIlroy hopes to play in the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai despite suffering with food poisoning.
Politicians have said they will meet Michelin management within days to see how they can reduce the impact of the tyre factory closure in County Antrim.
Collins English Dictionary has chosen binge-watch as its 2015 Word of the Year.
National Crime Agency (NCA) detectives investigating the sale of the National Asset Management Agency's (Nama) Northern Ireland loans portfolio have interviewed a former managing partner of a Belfast legal firm.
A new record for a blue period Picasso has been set at auction in New York.
Firefighters were threatened by youths, moments before a dangerous bonfire left two young people injured in Stenhousemuir.
The heir to a string of nightclubs treated as a "whipping boy" by his father has been jailed for 13-and-a-half years for his manslaughter.
An international team of architects and scientists have observed "thermal anomalies" in the pyramids of Giza, Egyptian antiquities officials say.
Two dogs left homeless after their owner died in a Conwy county motorbike crash have been rehomed together.
London Irish scrum-half Brendan McKibbin has been suspended for three weeks by the Rugby Football Union for stamping on Bath's Henry Thomas.
Marco Rubio of Florida and Ted Cruz of Texas are both US senators, they're both the children of Cuban immigrants, they're both running for president, and they are both surging in the polls thanks to strong performances in Republican candidate debates.
A new exhibition in Brighton is exploring how animals considered exotic by the Georgians and early Victorians were depicted, kept and presented.
Defender Gary Cahill believes England were not outclassed in their 2-0 friendly defeat by Spain on Friday.
The mayor of Chittoor town in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh has been killed by unknown attackers.
One in five domestic violence victims in Yorkshire are men, according to a charity holding a conference in Doncaster.
The criminal courts charge should be scrapped by ministers, a parliamentary committee has said, as it raised "grave misgivings" about the fee's benefits.
Almost exactly five years after Mark Webber lost his best chance of becoming Formula 1 world champion, the Australian is on the brink of fulfilling his title dream in the World Endurance Championship this weekend in Bahrain.
After an Indian temple chief recently said he would allow women to enter the shrine only after a machine was invented to detect if they were "pure" - meaning that they weren't menstruating - outraged women have launched a #HappyToBleed campaign on Facebook to protest against the "sexist statement", writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey in Delhi.
League One strugglers Crewe Alexandra have re-signed striker Ryan Lowe from Bury on loan until 5 January.
Logistics group John Menzies has issued a profits warning following problems with its ground handling contract at London Gatwick Airport.
The company that sparked an outcry by raising the price of its HIV drug in the US by 5,000% says it will cut its price for some users.
The Brussels metro and schools are due to reopen after they were shut four days ago in a security crackdown following the Paris attacks.
Kris Boyd believes Scottish football can learn from the United States but is against the idea of playing Scottish Premiership matches overseas.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side must beat Ajax on Thursday to keep their hopes of advancing to the Europa League knockout stage alive.
The company behind the failed mini-drone Zano has provided some details of how more than £2.3m in funding was allocated.
Two men have appeared in court and been charged with murder following the death of a man who suffered serious head injuries at a banqueting venue.
Amnesty International has expressed alarm at reports that the authorities in Saudi Arabia are planning to execute dozens of people in a single day.
Wales wing George North's decision not to return to a Welsh region is a disappointment, says Rugby Wales chief executive Mark Davies.
Since a devastating fire hit 18th Century Clandon Park in Surrey, reducing it to a shell, more than 400 objects have been salvaged from the burnt-out remains - but work continues on the fabric of the building itself.
Ali Carter said his battle with Crohn's disease put him at a huge disadvantage during his third-round UK Championship loss against John Higgins.
Former treasury minister Charles Parkinson is returning to the States of Guernsey after winning the St Peter Port North by-election.
The US is to deploy a specialised force to Iraq to build pressure on Islamic State militants, US Defence Secretary Ashton Carter has said.
Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been seriously wounded in shooting at a meeting of militants in Pakistan, Taliban sources say.
Ulster captain Rory Best says he would love the chance to take over from Paul O'Connell as Ireland skipper.
Ofcom is to delay the start of its auction for another chunk of 4G spectrum, after threats of legal action from Telefonica and Hutchison, parent companies of O2 and Three.
Portland Timbers became Major League Soccer champions for the first time as they beat Columbus Crew in the final, with ex-Premier League defender Liam Ridgewell lifting the trophy.
Dan Biggar's decision to renew his national dual contract is "fabulous" news for Wales and Ospreys, according to Martyn Williams.
Monarch has said passengers have been booking their trips later since the terror attacks in Paris and Sharm el-Sheikh.
People living in north-east Kenya say they have discovered at least 20 bodies buried in shallow graves.
Shares in mining firm Anglo American have fallen to a record low as the company said it would sell huge chunks of its business and shrink its workforce by nearly two-thirds.
The trial of the prominent republican Thomas "Slab" Murphy for alleged tax evasion has heard the court may deliver judgement on the case next week.
Nothing says Christmas more than watching that Harry Potter movie you've already seen 2,900 times, eating a mountain of lukewarm turkey and trying to work out where you're going to put all those new socks.
The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst has appointed the first female college commander in its history.
Scottish Championship strugglers Alloa Athletic have appointed Jack Ross as their new manager following the resignation of Danny Lennon.
Teenager Tom Marquand has been tipped to follow in the footsteps of three-times champion jockey Ryan Moore by his trainer Richard Hannon.
The crisis in the steel industry could signal potential problems across other core Welsh industries, Plaid Cymru has warned.
Human Rights Watch says it is confident photos smuggled out of Syria by a defector in 2013 showing 6,786 people who died after detention are authentic.
Politicians and other key figures have been reacting to the judgment on Wednesday that Northern Ireland's current abortion law is "incompatible" with human rights.
A number of countries have expressed surprise that they were included by Saudi Arabia in a new military alliance to fight terrorism.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a stabbing in North Tyneside.
A grand jury has decided not to indict anyone in the case of Sandra Bland, who died in a Texas jail earlier this year.
A hospital radiographer, who downloaded more than a million indecent images and videos of children, has been jailed for two years and four months.
Accrington Stanley manager John Coleman has criticised the Football League for allowing Carlisle United to move their home games because of flooding.
Bedroom pop artist Mura Masa has come joint fifth in the BBC Music Sound of 2016 with R&B group WSTRN.
Peterborough United defender Miles Addison has signed a new one-month contract with the League One side.
The tragic death of a toddler has gripped Pakistan's social media conscience over the past 24 hours.
More than 1,100 homes in Greater Manchester remain without power following flooding in the area across the weekend.
A Red Cross manager who led the organisation's on-site response to the Shoreham Airshow disaster has been awarded a British Empire Medal.
The Scottish government has announced that it is making more than £2m available to train an extra 260 teachers next year.
The latest clash between Washington and the west is playing out on a snowy desert plain in the wilds of Oregon.
Two farmers convicted of possessing more than 100 sheep which did not belong to them have been jailed.
Police in Turkey say they have confiscated more than 1,000 fake life jackets made for migrants wanting to cross the Aegean Sea to Greece.
Here's an anxious-looking Mahatma Gandhi making a telephone call from his office in Sevagram village in the western state of Maharashtra in 1938.
MK Dons have re-signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Jake Forster-Caskey on loan for the rest of the season.
The Women's Super League transfer window re-opened on Friday, 3 June and will close on Thursday, 30 June.
Scottish League One leaders Dunfermline Athletic were held at home by Albion Rovers but still moved 11 points clear at the top of the table.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 6-4 to win the Brisbane International.
Arriva Trains Wales drivers are set to go on strike for the second time this year, the Aslef union has said.
Prop Vadim Cobilas will leave Sale Sharks at the end of the season after he agreed a three-year deal with Bordeaux-Begles.
North Wales needs more devolution if it is to fully benefit from the "northern powerhouse," Manchester city council's leader has said.
UK interest rates have been left unchanged again at 0.5% by the Bank of England's rate-setters.
Four Belfast Giants players have been included in the Great Britain squad for next month's Olympic pre-qualification tournament in Cortina, Italy.
Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman says the "jury is still out" on manager Russell Slade.
A former circus tiger which waited two years to be imported to the Isle of Wight Zoo has arrived on the island.
A major review of inquests into some of the most controversial killings during the Troubles got under way on Monday.
A quarter of a century on, seen through the fog of more recent conflicts, the first Gulf War might look like a straightforward military success, or even the last significant victory for American and British forces.
Fleetwood Town dropped into the League One relegation places as they had to settle for a point after a stalemate with Doncaster.
England's former world number one Luke Donald lies two shots off the lead at the halfway point of the Sony Open in Honolulu after a second-round 65.
Dundee United midfielder Chris Erskine will return to Partick Thistle in the summer as the Glasgow club prepare for the departure of Stuart Bannigan.
Parts of Clandon Park House, which was reduced to a shell by a fire in April, are to be restored to their "original glory", the National Trust (NT) says.
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino says he would press for the World Cup to be held in a whole region rather than one or two countries.
A BBC journalist with dual British-Iranian nationality has been prevented from flying to the US after falling foul of changes to visa rules.
Great Britain's Colin Fleming says tennis players guilty of match-fixing should face life bans.
Satellite images confirm that the oldest Christian monastery in Iraq has been destroyed by the jihadist group Islamic State (IS).
India lost nine wickets for 46 runs as Australia staged a remarkable fightback to win the fourth one-day international in Canberra.
Sunderland Ladies have re-signed midfielder Lucy Staniforth from Liverpool and added defender Kylla Sjoman from Scottish side Celtic.
Kieran Lee's second-half leveller earned Sheffield Wednesday a draw and halted Burnley's charge towards the automatic Championship promotion spots.
The $681m (Â£479m) deposited in the bank account of Malaysian PM Najib Razak by Saudi Arabia was to help him win the 2013 elections, a Saudi source says.
Defender Paul Quinn has rejoined Ross County on an 18-month contract after agreeing his release from Aberdeen.
He doesn't know what possessed him to visit the old Lockhart Hotel that day, but it was an experience John Hardie is never likely to forget.
Hospitals with A&E departments around Bristol are back on black alert for the second time in a month amid "severe pressure" on services.
Maesteg Harlequins lock Ryan Watkins has become the 12th Welsh rugby player to be suspended by UK Anti-Doping.
Warren Gatland hopes the power of "frustration" can inspire Wales to a third successive post-World Cup Grand Slam.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne says he will be out for about 10 weeks after injuring his right knee during Wednesday's League Cup semi-final victory over Everton.
While most of us spend the day before our wedding doing last minute preparations, Pip Black was happily running around London's Victoria Park.
A schools campus in East Ayrshire is set to be named after the celebrated Scottish novelist William McIlvanney, who died last month aged 79.
Paul Rowley has resigned as Leigh Centurions head coach 10 days before the start of the 2016 Championship season.
Greg Dyke will not seek re-election as Football Association chairman when his term ends in June.
Lincoln City have signed Shrewsbury winger James Caton on loan until the end of the season.
Britain's Helena Lucas finished with three wins out of three to secure overall victory in the 2.4mR event at the Sailing World Cup in Miami.
West Ham have signed Fenerbahce striker Emmanuel Emenike on loan, with an option to make the deal permanent at the end of the season.
Wycombe moved in to the League Two play-off places with victory at lowly Dagenham & Redbridge in a game where both sides had a man sent off.
Brazilian football star Neymar has appeared in court in connection with allegations of corruption and fraud surrounding his transfer to FC Barcelona.
Children across Britain linked up with Tim Peake on the International Space Station yesterday for a big question and answer session.
Plans for more than 1,600 new homes in Cardiff look set to be approved.
Giannelli Imbula scored his first goal for Stoke as they ended their three-match losing streak in the Premier League against Bournemouth.
East Stirlingshire moved off the bottom of Scottish League Two with a surprise victory over promotion-chasing Queen's Park.
Somali authorities have released a video showing a passenger being given a laptop they say contained a bomb that blew a hole in a passenger plane.
Catalans Dragons will be without hooker Paul Aiton for up to six weeks after he tore a pectoral muscle on his debut, in a defeat by Wigan Warriors on Friday.
A school has changed its name from "Isis" because the word has become associated with the so-called Islamic State.
Eastleigh have confirmed the loan signing of Portsmouth striker Matt Tubbs.
Oil and gas exploration firm Tullow Oil has reported a pre-tax loss of £1.3bn for the year to 31 December as low oil prices bit into revenues.
The Irish Football Association has said Uefa will set up a portal for Northern Ireland supporters to apply for extra European Championship tickets.
Horses can tell if people are happy or angry, according to a new experiment.
New Hartlepool manager Craig Hignett says the situation at Victoria Park is "positive", despite taking over a side third from bottom in League Two.
New figures from the Northern Ireland Cancer Registry show there has been a dramatic rise in the numbers of women being diagnosed with breast cancer.
Pharmaceutical firm GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) and some generics companies have been fined for being anti-competitive.
Grimsby Town have signed former York City midfielder Anthony Straker on a deal until the end of the season.
Fleetwood boosted their survival hopes by beating Scunthorpe for just their second League One win of the year.
Jon Parkin netted a late winner as National League promotion-chasers Forest Green beat 10-man Eastleigh.
Winning the Europa League is now Manchester United's "easiest route" into next season's Champions League, according to manager Louis van Gaal.
Laura Massaro won her third British title with a straight-set final victory over Alison Waters in Manchester.
Catalans Dragons have signed former Australia and New South Wales prop Willie Mason on a one-year deal.
Taylor Swift's 1989 has won the coveted album of the year award at this year's Grammys in Los Angeles.
Sale Sharks fly-half Danny Cipriani has agreed a deal to rejoin former club Wasps from next season.
Three pupils at the High School of Dundee have been expelled following the discovery of cannabis on school property.
A survey of Chamber of Commerce members in Northern Ireland suggests that 81% will vote for the UK to remain in the European Union (EU).
Newport Gwent Dragons wing Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from injury on medical advice.
Aston Villa's Jack Grealish has returned to training and could be in line to start for the club after being dropped to the bench by boss Remi Garde, according to the Express and Star.
A Los Angeles hospital has paid $17,000 (£11,800) to hackers after its computer systems were taken offline by ransomware.
Scottish-based travel firm Skyscanner has reported double-digit growth for the seventh consecutive year.
Forgive me if you are not a fan of political conspiracy, and on a day like today you don't have to look very far for huge ideological disputes, even if they're not quite yet punch-ups.
A programme in which illusionist Derren Brown suffocated himself as part of a trick has broken broadcasting rules.
Paris St-Germain's 36-match unbeaten run in Ligue 1 was ended as Lyon beat them to move into the third and final Champions League qualification spot.
Former Scotland manager Alex McLeish has agreed to coach Zamalek, the Egyptian club have announced.
Michael Ball is to host this year's Olivier Awards, it has been announced.
At Harper Adams University they are fitting tracking devices to slugs.
Leeds Rhinos prop Mitch Garbutt has apologised for his red card in Sunday's World Club Challenge defeat by North Queensland Cowboys.
The Duchess of Cambridge has shown off her tennis skills during a practice session with Judy Murray.
BBC Rewind looks at the history of the Flying Scotsman as it prepares to return to the railways.
Pembrokeshire councillors have voted to begin a fourth consultation on plans to shake-up education in Haverfordwest.
Changes at the top of Tata Steel Europe raise doubts about the "long-term investment" of the company, according the steelworkers union, Community.
American two-time PGA Tour winner Jason Bohn has suffered a heart attack at the age of 42 during the Honda Classic in Florida.
Glasgow City opened the new season in ominous style, demolishing Inverness 14-0 in the first round of the SWPL League Cup.
Pleas have been made by members of the Scottish Parliament for better quality coffee to be served to them during committee meetings.
Atletico Madrid kept their La Liga title hopes alive with victory over Gary Neville's Valencia.
Andy Murray returned to action with a comfortable win as Great Britain ended day one of their Davis Cup defence tied at 1-1 against Japan in Birmingham.
Thousands of people have come forward following a worldwide appeal to find a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who needs a match in the next two months.
Cardiff Devils lost 6-1 away to Nottingham Panthers in the Elite League, less than 48 hours before playing the same opposition in the Challenge Cup final.
Michael Doughty earned a draw against Millwall in Swindon's first game since Luke Williams was named manager.
Faissal El Bakhtaoui netted a second-half double as League One leaders Dunfermline claimed victory at Ayr.
A 90th-minute Alex Schalk goal delivered Ross County's first piece of major silverware as they beat Hibernian to lift the Scottish League Cup.
Rangers will play Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-finals while Hibernian or Inverness Caledonian Thistle will play Dundee United.
One of Scotland's most wanted fugitives is still believed to be hiding in the Netherlands almost 10 years after he raped a woman in Glasgow.
The mystery identity of Swansea's own secret Santa has finally been revealed by his family, after the 92-year-old died this week.
Elisabet Purve-Jorendal was born in India and given away for adoption in 1973 when she was less than six months old.
Myanmar's National League for Democracy (NLD) has named its candidates to be president, confirming that its leader Aung San Suu Kyi is not a contender.
A primary school in Leeds has introduced a temporary ban on children playing "tig" during break times after "clothes were torn" and pupils were left "upset".
Sports car company TVR is to base its new factory in Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Financial services group Old Mutual has said it will split itself into four separate companies following the outcome of a strategic review.
Shaun Murphy crushed Liang Wenbo 4-0 to set up a World Grand Prix semi-final against Ding Junhui in Llandudno.
Declan McManus scored twice as Greenock Morton beat Scottish Championship bottom side Alloa Athletic, who remain 10 points adrift.
Lawrence Shankland scored twice as St Mirren beat second-bottom Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
A failure to provide education for refugees escaping the conflict in Syria risks creating a future generation of extremists, the deputy prime minister of Jordan has warned.
"It's all about taking an opportunity in a crisis," says the outgoing Conservative leader of Melton Borough Council.
The 300th anniversary of the birth of renowned landscape gardener Lancelot "Capability" Brown is being celebrated with a tree-planting ceremony.
Donald Trump winning the US presidency is considered one of the top 10 risks facing the world, according to the Economist Intelligence Unit.
Fifa has given Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish permission to play for England.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade says qualifying for a Championship play-off spot this season would be "bigger than anything" he has achieved in his career after passing 750 games in management.
Ex-England youth international Benik Afobe will not play for DR Congo in next weekend's 2017 Africa Cup of Nations clash with Angola.
Chelsea Ladies won a nine-goal thriller at home to Liverpool Ladies to maintain their 100% winning start to the Women's Super League One season.
Cornish Pirates boss Ian Davies says ill-discipline "came back to haunt" his side in their 36-15 British and Irish Cup semi-final defeat at London Welsh.
President Obama has arrived in Cuba, an island in the Caribbean, for an historic three day visit.
The European Space Agency has shared footage of Tim with his former crew mate Scott Kelly fighting virtual aliens on the ISS, before Kelly returned to Earth earlier this month.
Ex-professional wrestler Hulk Hogan has won a further $25m (Â£17m) in punitive damages from gossip site Gawker over the publication of a sex tape.
Game of Thrones star Gwendoline Christie is to appear in the new series of Top of the Lake.
Republic of Ireland striker Jonathan Walters will not feature in Friday's friendly with Switzerland because of a hamstring injury, but should be fit to face Slovakia on Tuesday.
Edinburgh will probably need to win all five of their remaining Pro12 matches to secure a play-off place, claims loosehead prop Alasdair Dickinson.
John McGinn admits Hibernian's players are "baffled" by the team's recent slump in form in the Championship.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed goalkeeper Lenny Pidgeley until the end of the season.
Carlisle United have signed free-agent winger Louis Pedro on a short-term contract that will expire on 21 May.
Jordi Cruyff has expressed thanks for the tributes to his father, Dutch footballing great Johan Cruyff.
Two Powys roads were forced to close after separate serious collisions.
Queen of the South fought back from two goals down to draw with promotion-chasing Falkirk in the Championship.
Widnes Vikings scrum-half Joe Mellor has signed a new three-year contract, keeping him with the club until 2019.
UK drugs manufacturer GlaxoSmithKline has said it will not file patents for its products in the world's poorest nations.
The band Little Mix have been forced to cancel their Belfast gigs after singer Jesy Nelson became unwell.
Hampshire coach Dale Benkenstein says all-rounder Gareth Berg could be miss up to half of the upcoming season should he require knee surgery.
Russell Knox aims to tap into the experience of former champion Sandy Lyle as he prepares to make his Masters debut next week.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "not worried" about his difficult start to the Formula 1 season.
Russian police have raided 25 premises in Moscow and St Petersburg linked to the Japanese Aum Shinrikyo cult.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Gene Ormsby on a one-month loan deal.
Harlequins ran in five tries as they came from behind to beat London Irish in the European Challenge Cup quarter-final on home soil at The Stoop.
The sports centre at Ravenscraig is a homage, a "symphony in steel", say the architects.
The warnings about the forthcoming all-out junior doctor strikes have been coming in so thick and fast that you could be forgiven for thinking it will be Armageddon.
The Women's Euro 2017 qualifier between Northern Ireland and the Czech Republic in Lurgan on Friday was postponed after a serious accident on the M1.
Coventry overcame 10-man Millwall at the Ricoh Arena to secure their first victory in six League One matches.
Cambridge United were held to a goalless draw against nine-man Carlisle United, a result which damages both clubs' League Two play-off hopes.
Dagenham & Redbridge have been relegated from League Two after losing at Leyton Orient, ending their nine-year stay in the Football League.
Teenage jockey David Mullins said he has "never had a feeling like it" after winning the Grand National on Rule The World at Aintree.
Oldham Athletic boosted their hopes of League One survival as Curtis Main's second-half goal sealed a vital three points against Southend United.
Sheffield United kept their slim League One play-off hopes alive by beating Shrewsbury Town, who are just two points above the relegation zone.
Holyhead's Grade II-listed market hall is to be restored after standing derelict for 10 years.
Jared Allen will retire as a Minnesota Vikings player after he signed a one-day deal with the NFL team on Thursday.
Nico Rosberg headed Lewis Hamilton as first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix was disrupted by three failures on two separate cars.
Britain's Andy Murray is through to the Monte Carlo Masters semi-finals following an impressive win over Canadian Milos Raonic.
World doubles number one Jamie Murray and partner Bruno Soares reached the Monte Carlo Masters final with a 6-2 6-4 win over Marcelo Melo and Ivan Dodig.
Rangers are through to their second cup final of the season after beating Celtic 5-4 on penalties following a 2-2 draw after extra time.
Lancashire youngster Liam Livingstone marked his first-class debut with an unbeaten half century to build a useful 69-run lead over Nottinghamshire.
Stephen Maguire said he was "embarrassed" at not being able to motivate himself for the World Championship at the Crucible.
China has vowed to reduce the amount of steel it makes, Business Secretary Sajid Javid said.
A delivery truck crashed into parked cars before hitting a church wall in Swansea.
Pace bowler Jake Ball has made a "lively" return following a winter playing for England Lions, says Nottinghamshire captain Chris Read.
Eight Scots have been named in the British swimming team for this summer's Olympic Games.
News that Iran has deployed thousands of undercover agents to enforce rules on dress has cast the spotlight on an institution that is a major feature of daily life in several Muslim-majority countries.
We go behind the scenes with singer Laura Mvula as she prepares to debut her new material and kick off the 48th series of Later... with Jools Holland.
Relegated National League club Kidderminster Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new manager.
A 30-year-old man, who sexually assaulted a 14-year-old girl he met online, has been jailed for 12 months.
England captain Sean O'Loughlin says he would have preferred an Englishman in charge of the national team, but is looking forward to working with Australian Wayne Bennett.
Shares in Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors plunged 13.5% in Friday trade to close at 504 yen.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle guaranteed Premiership safety by strolling to victory against Partick Thistle.
Edinburgh City will play East Stirlingshire in the Scottish League Two play-off after completing an aggregate victory over Cove Rangers.
A Tata Steel management buyout is "risky" but the UK government's offer of help is a good one, Sir Vince Cable has said.
League One side Peterborough United have parted company with manager Graham Westley following Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe United.
Great Britain's Tom Daley claimed silver in the men's 10m platform at the Diving World Series in Kazan, Russia.
A football fan who walked to Wembley wearing his swimming trunks has broken his £50,000 fundraising target.
Striker Darren Bent was relieved to score with his first touch in six weeks to keep Derby County's unbeaten run intact ahead of the play-offs.
Euro 2016 will be contested by 24 teams over 30 days at 10 different venues in France.
Ross County's Jim McIntyre is the only Premiership boss in the running for PFA Scotland's Manager of the Year award.
Ding Junhui thrashed Mark Williams 13-3 inside two sessions to become the first man into this year's World Championship semi-finals.
Pope Francis has approved the beatification of a Jesuit priest from Dublin for his work with the sick and dying in the early 20th century.
Instagram has ordered the owner of a British anti-litter app to change its name from Littergram, but how have other "David v Goliath" corporate name battles panned out and does the big guy always win?
A County Down solicitor defrauded a bank of £400,000 to help buy a partnership in a legal practice and an apartment in England.
England captain Alastair Cook continued his fine start to the season with an unbeaten 53 on another rain-hit day at New Road against Worcestershire.
Mark Selby made the most of a tentative start by Marco Fu to build a 5-3 lead in the opening session of their World Championship semi-final.
Almost one in five young people are unemployed in Northern Ireland, according to latest figures.
West Ham United's final game at the Boleyn Ground will be an emotional occasion for everyone associated with the club.
West Brom have appointed Nicky Hammond as technical director, ending his 20-year association with Reading.
Frankie Dettori rode 14-1 shot Galileo Gold to a surprise victory in the first classic of the 2016 Flat season, the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket.
A renowned Russian conductor has led a concert in the ruins of Palmyra in Syria, which were recaptured from the so-called Islamic State (IS) in March.
Sale Sharks forward Mark Easter has announced he will retire at the end of the season to take up a teaching role.
Gary Waddock has returned to Aldershot Town for a second spell as manager.
A Welsh adventurer has been forced to end his expedition on Mount Everest due to "medical complications".
Tottenham are close to a deal to play home games at Wembley in the 2017-18 season, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has taken the Fife North East seat from the SNP.
Labour's Christopher Elmore has become the new MP for Ogmore after winning the Parliamentary by-election with 52% of the vote.
The owners of an audio manufacturing factory in North Lanarkshire have confirmed that the plant is facing closure, with the loss of 70 jobs.
Labour's Sadiq Khan has been elected Mayor of London, becoming the city's first Muslim mayor.
The 9-2 chance Humphrey Bogart denied Carntop, owned by Prince Charles, to win the Derby Trial at Lingfield.
Germany's Michael Jung closed in on a £240,000 bonus prize as he secured a dominant lead to take into the final day of Badminton Horse Trials.
Chelsea captain John Terry will miss the rest of the season through suspension after his red card in Saturday's 3-2 defeat at Sunderland.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he wants to put tackling corruption at the "top of the international agenda" ahead of a London summit on the issue.
Coleraine rower Joel Cassells retained his European men's lightweight pair title as he and San Scrimgeour took gold for Britain in Brandenburg.
Dilapidated beach huts in Lincolnshire are to get a £50,000 makeover in an attempt to attract more holidaymakers.
Dinamo Bucharest will honour the memory of midfielder Patrick Ekeng by sending the Romanian Cup to his family in Cameroon if they win the trophy.
It may be five months until Halloween, but for one gardener it'll be a nail biting wait to see if his seed grows into the biggest pumpkin in the world.
A new flag to mark the Battle of the Somme has been unfurled in Belfast.
Councillors in North Yorkshire will on Friday consider whether to approve fracking in England for the first time since a ban on the technique was lifted in 2012.
Brazil's new interim President Michel Temer has addressed the nation after the Senate voted to back the impeachment trial of Dilma Rousseff.
Labour's former deputy leader Harriet Harman is right to say that the EU has been important in the development of UK law that affects women's right.
A High Court ruling backing a parent who refused to pay a fine for taking his child on holiday in term time will cause "huge confusion", an MP has said.
Reigning world champion Aled Davies has improved his own F42 outdoor shot put world record to 16.13m at the IPC Athletics Grand Prix in Arizona.
When Liverpool take on Sevilla in Wednesday's Europa League final Gordon Wallace will be watching on television in the Shankly Hotel in the city.
So Ukraine confounded the bookmakers and Eurovision commentators who had been convinced that Russia - or possibly Australia - would win.
Barcelona kept Real Madrid at bay to retain the La Liga title as silverware was dished out around Europe.
Peter Hartley says scoring the injury-time winner for Plymouth Argyle in the League Two play-off semi-final against Portsmouth is his greatest moment.
West Ham will sign Norway midfielder Havard Nordtveit on a free transfer on 1 July after his contract with Borussia Monchengladbach runs out.
Revised plans for the future of Welsh devolution will be presented to MPs in the next year, the Queen's Speech has confirmed.
A discovery of arms in a County Antrim forest was one of the most significant in recent years, police in Northern Ireland have said.
Addressing a crowd in Stafford, Boris Johnson said: "It is absurd we are told that you cannot sell bananas in bunches of more than two or three bananas."
A three-year-old girl has died in hospital after the car she was travelling in crashed into a tree next to the M4 in Berkshire.
The ministers of the new Northern Ireland Executive will be appointed next Wednesday, Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said.
Al Merreikh official Hatim Mohamed Ahmed is being investigated by the Confederation of African Football after he appeared to hit Gabonese referee Eric Otogo-Castane in the face.
Boreham Wood have signed midfielder Kenny Davis from National League rivals Braintree Town on a one-year deal.
Former loyalist paramilitary and Progressive Unionist Party (PUP) chairman William 'Plum' Smith has died.
Fiji lost to hosts England in their first game at the London Sevens but bounced back to reach the quarter-finals and retain their World Sevens Series title in the process.
Seven people have been killed after a volcano in western Indonesia erupted, blasting clouds of volcanic ash 3km (2 miles) into the sky.
Birmingham City Ladies have signed Germany international Isabelle Linden from Champions League holders FFC Frankfurt.
A red kite found shot in North Yorkshire is the seventh to have been killed in the region in the past two months, police have said.
Paddy McCourt has left League Two side Luton Town by mutual consent to return to his native Northern Ireland.
(Noon): Banking shares helped to lift the market, but shares in M&S slid after the retailer said its turnaround plan was set to hit profits.
Britain's Aljaz Bedene will play world number one Novak Djokovic after beating Pablo Carreno Busta to reach the French Open third round for the first time.
Left-back James Jennings has joined promoted Cheltenham Town from Gloucestershire rivals Forest Green.
Coventry has taken the highest number of Syrian refugees in the UK, according to Home Office figures.
Festival-goers are being invited to have a go on what is claimed to be the world's largest bouncy castle.
An 11-year-old boy in the United States has wowed audiences after successfully spelling 'taoiseach' on his way to becoming joint winner of a national spelling bee competition.
The Islamic State group's commander in the besieged Iraqi city of Falluja is among 70 militants killed in coalition air strikes, the US military says.
Republic of Ireland boss Martin O'Neill was happy with his team's display in the 1-1 draw against the Netherlands in the Euro 2016 warm-up friendly.
A 10-year-old child has suffered serious injuries after being hit by a car in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said he felt "screwed" by the pit-stop error that cost him victory in Monaco.
Deportivo La Coruna have sacked boss Victor Sanchez after a disappointing end to their season in La Liga.
The largest airline in Latin America, Latam, says it is suspending its flights to Venezuela because of the worsening economic situation.
Striker Lisa Evans admits it will be an emotional milestone if Scotland Women maintain their Euro 2017 qualifying form and reach a first major finals.
The National Rugby League is being investigated by Australian police over allegations of match-fixing.
Steven Lawless has extended his contract with Partick Thistle for a further two years.
Northern Ireland striker Conor Washington counts himself a lucky man as he prepares to head to Euro 2016.
Michael Dunlop continued his Isle of Man TT practice week dominance as he set the fastest Superbike lap and set an unofficial Superstock lap record.
Wales' football team has departed the country as their Euro 2016 preparations reach a climax.
Conor Sammon has agreed a three-year contract with Hearts as the striker prepares to leave Derby County.
Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic gave the Paris crowd a home victory to cheer as they won the women's doubles title at the French Open.
Spain's Alberto Contador opened up a 13-second lead over main rival Chris Froome in winning the first stage of the Criterium du Dauphine.
Glamorgan began their One-Day Cup campaign with a convincing 52-run win as holders Gloucestershire lost their second match in as many days.
Ipswich have signed Portsmouth defender Adam Webster for a fee believed to be about £750,000, with defender Matt Clarke going the other way.
Day two of MPs' detailed consideration of the Investigatory Powers Bill - and the issues of the day should be the retention of internet connection records and protection of medical records and journalistic privilege.
Borussia Dortmund have made FC Nordsjaelland and Turkey winger Emre Mor their fourth summer signing.
Michael B Jordan has confirmed he and Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o will be among the cast of the upcoming Marvel superhero film Black Panther.
Officials at Yellowstone National Park say a man died after falling into a hot spring, having wandered away from a path.
Laura Muir set a new Scottish mile record with a superb run in Oslo to continue a strong start to her season.
More than a million people have signed a petition calling for the judge in the controversial Stanford University sexual assault case to be sacked.
Japanese phone messaging app operator, Line, has said it plans to list its shares in both Tokyo and New York.
A football anthem sung by England's 1966 World Cup winning side has been released after spending 34 years hidden in an Isle of Man attic.
The legendary Canadian ice hockey player, Gordie Howe, has died at the age of 88, US media say.
Britain's Chris Froome won a third Criterium du Dauphine title on Sunday.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the North American box office chart in its first week of release, breaking a recent slump in success for movie sequels.
Barcelona football club has agreed to pay a €5.5m (£4.3m) fine over the transfer of Brazil international Neymar in 2013.
The Northern Ireland health service is to receive an extra £72m to help deal with pressures in the service.
Six centuries ago Henry V walked from Shrewsbury to Holywell in Flintshire, to give thanks for his famous victory over the French at Agincourt.
Pepper, the humanoid robot programmed to "understand" human emotions, is to take a new job - as a receptionist in two Belgian hospitals.
Police and protesters in Jammu in Indian-administered Kashmir have clashed over the alleged desecration of a local Hindu temple.
The main battleground in Wales in the final week of the referendum campaign will be the south Wales valleys.
Will Eastern Europe squander its historic opportunity to provide the next United Nations secretary-general, when Ban Ki-Moon's tenure expires at the end of this year?
Gateshead have signed striker Nyal Bell on a two-year deal following his release by Rochdale.
The US Federal Reserve has kept interest rates at between 0.25% and 0.5% in the face of an uncertain jobs market.
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles has questioned the attitude of his team after their record loss to Yorkshire.
Leading Formula 1 drivers have questioned the safety of the new Baku street circuit that will host Sunday's European Grand Prix.
Northern Ireland goalscorer Gareth McAuley says Thursday's 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine - their first at a European Championship - was "massive".
Viacom chairman Sumner Redstone is seeking to remove the firm's chief executive Philippe Dauman and four other directors from the Viacom board.
The flight data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed in the Mediterranean Sea last month has been retrieved, Egyptian investigators say.
A body found near Strathclyde Park in Motherwell is believed to be that of a missing teenager, police have said.
Glamorgan recovered from a poor start to reach 93-2 before rain halted play before lunch against Kent in Cardiff.
Ireland's Shane Lowry holds a two-shot lead at the US Open with the leaders still to complete their third rounds.
David Cameron's "impossible" pledge to reduce net migration to below 100,000 must be abandoned if he wins the referendum, Vote Leave has said.
Sei Young Kim defeated Spain's Carlota Ciganda in a play-off to win the Meijer LPGA Classic in Michigan.
Real Madrid have re-signed Juventus striker Alvaro Morata, exercising their buy-back clause.
Surrey wrapped up their first Championship win of 2016, beating Nottinghamshire by 228 runs.
A war medal found in a field in Bridgend county has been returned to its rightful owners almost a century after it was awarded.
South Korean car maker Kia has come top in a closely watched US car quality ranking, edging out the luxury brands that usually claim the crown.
Goldman Sachs is scrapping face-to-face interviews on university campuses in a bid to attract a wider range of talent.
All but one council area of Nottinghamshire, including Nottingham city, has voted to leave the EU.
Alviro Petersen made his second County Championship century of the summer to spearhead a solid day's batting by Lancashire against Middlesex at Lord's.
Gateshead midfielder Antony Sweeney is pleased to be returning to his native North East after leaving League Two side Carlisle United.
Veteran goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year deal at Championship side Burton Albion.
China's Long Qingquan lifted a combined world record of 307kg to win Olympic gold in the men's 56kg weightlifting.
Katie Ledecky won her third gold of the Rio Games as she guided the United States to victory in the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
China's world number one Ma Long beat countryman Zhang Jike 4-0 to win the men's singles and claim a table tennis Grand Slam.
Great Britain's Helen Glover and Heather Stanning successfully defended their Olympic title by winning gold in the women's pair at Rio 2016.
Bryony Page became the first British woman to win an Olympic trampoline medal by claiming silver in Rio.
China continued their dominance of Olympic table tennis as their men's team beat Japan in Wednesday's final.
Marcus Ellis and Chris Langridge won Great Britain's first Olympic badminton men's doubles medal, beating China's Hong Wei and Chai Biao to take bronze.
Kenya's Vivian Cheruiyot won a shock 5,000m Olympic gold as race favourite Ayana Almaz of Ethiopia took bronze.
Britain's Tom Daley said he was "heartbroken" after a shock semi-final elimination in the Olympic 10m platform diving competition.
The comparisons to a Shakespearian tragedy have become a clichÃ©, so obvious are the parallels with Caesar, Macbeth, and more profoundly Coriolanus.
Preston North End have re-signed goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard on a one-year deal after he had his contract cancelled at West Bromwich Albion.
An airport will rip up former Wales striker Dean Saunders's huge parking fee if his home nation wins Euro 2016.
Bangladeshi officials have named five of the men who on Friday carried out the country's worst terrorism attack and said they were known to police.
You might have noticed your social media timeline full of pictures like this.
The birth of Dolly the sheep seemed one of those moments in scientific research that would change the world forever.
Former England half-back Rangi Chase says he is "back in love" with rugby league after rejoining Castleford following a fight with depression.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Forest Green Rovers forward Kurtis Guthrie for an undisclosed fee.
Russell Knox has every right to beam from ear to ear, as he did for the majority of his 15-minute media gathering, after flying in from his base in the United States to a sodden Castle Stuart.
A pay rise "significantly higher than 1%" will be required in future to ensure an "adequate supply of good teachers" in England and Wales, the School Teachers' Review Body warns.
Wales' heroic Euro 2016 run came to an end one game before the final as they lost 2-0 to Portugal in the last four.
After prolonged debate during the referendum, Whitehall has been busy since polling day trying to work out the implications of Brexit - including how the NHS could be affected.
Rail passengers travelling between Newcastle and Scotland faced severe disruption on Friday.
The Football qualifiers continue on Saturday with Monaghan and Cavan playing after their Ulster SFC defeats and Derry and Fermanagh also in action.
A Spanish court has dismissed a fraud and corruption case against football superstar Neymar and his father.
Britain's Andy Murray became Wimbledon champion for the second time with a superb performance against Canadian sixth seed Milos Raonic in the final.
Graeme McDowell carded a final-round 71 to end the Scottish Open at Castle Stuart in joint 10th.
League One side Oldham Athletic have signed goalkeeper Chris Kettings on a one-year deal.
Oxford United have signed midfielder Joe Rothwell on a free transfer and agreed a new contract with striker Chris Maguire.
Michael Matthews won stage 10 of the Tour de France as Britain's Chris Froome retained the yellow jersey.
Arsenal must pay Napoli 94m euros (£80m) to sign Argentina striker Gonzalo Higuain, according to a source close to the Italian club.
Writer Amitav Ghosh is giving social media users a rare glimpse of what it's like inside the Indian president's official residence.
Warrington winger Gene Ormsby has joined Super League rivals Huddersfield Giants with immediate effect.
Sunderland and Italy winger Emanuele Giaccherini has joined Napoli on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones star "The Mountain" has been beaten to Europe's Strongest Man title by a man from Swindon.
Cardiff City forward Anthony Pilkington believes the Bluebirds can challenge for promotion this season.
The selection of rugby sevens players Mark Bennett and Mark Robertson brings the total number of Scottish competitors heading to Rio for this summer's Olympic Games to 50.
Rural Pennsylvania is not the sort of place you would think to look for someone accused of throwing the Middle East into further turmoil.
Sinn FÃ©in leader Gerry Adams has said there is "a need to be open and imaginative" on new constitutional arrangements.
Worcester Warriors head coach Carl Hogg has admitted it is "essential" they become a force on their new artificial pitch next season.
Leicester Tigers hooker Tom Youngs refuses to give up on an England recall, despite admitting he doubted himself after undergoing back surgery.
Everton have appointed Leicester City joint assistant manager and head of recruitment Steve Walsh as their new director of football.
It has been a month since Wales voted to leave the European Union.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann has backed Brad Inman to recover from the broken leg he suffered with "six seconds left of training".
Alexandra Palace has started a £1m fundraising campaign to bring its Victorian theatre back to life after lying unused for 80 years.
Sri Lanka's prime minister has said mangroves' ability to swiftly absorb carbon make the forests vital in the fight against climate change.
At first glance, everything seems normal in Marienplatz, Munich's central square, which is dominated by the great neo-Gothic Town Hall.
Essex and Glamorgan will be looking to recover from defeats as they meet at Chelmsford in the One-Day Cup.
Derek McInnes believes Aberdeen have the confidence and experience to overcome being underdogs against Maribor in the Europa League.
A four-year-old boy has died following a fire at a house in Neath Port Talbot.
A man who died during a shooting at a pool party in Surrey has been named as 34-year-old Ricardo Hunter.
Wildlife conservators have said they are "extremely concerned" that the number of little terns nesting in the UK's biggest breeding colony dropped by almost half in a year.
Lava from a volcano in Hawaii that has been erupting for two months, has been moving towards the coast.
World number one Novak Djokovic won his first title since his surprise exit from Wimbledon with a straight-sets win over Japan's Kei Nishikori in the final of the Rogers Cup in Toronto.
Magic Mike star Channing Tatum is to play the mermaid in a remake of 1984's film Splash, taking the role played by Darryl Hannah, according to reports.
Championship side Barnsley have signed Torquay defender Angus MacDonald on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The price of bitcoin has fallen more than 10% after the Hong Kong-based digital currency exchange Bitfinex said it had suffered a major hack.
Burton Albion are set to re-sign teenage midfielder Hamza Choudhury on a season-long loan from Premier League champions Leicester City.
Five German women were arrested on Tuesday night when a flashmob stunt in a northern Spanish town  sparked fears of a terrorism attack.
Warner Bros has announced a follow-up to upcoming Harry Potter spin-off film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
League One club Charlton Athletic have signed defender Jason Pearce from Wigan for an undisclosed fee.
An exhibition of photographs has gone on show to mark 50 years since the demise of "one of the most beautiful stations there has ever been".
Cheltenham Town have signed Aston Villa and England Under-18 defender Easah Suliman on loan until 2 January.
Derby County boss Nigel Pearson says injury may force Jacob Butterfield and Marcus Olsson to miss Saturday's season opening game against Brighton.
England opener Tammy Beaumont top-scored 47 against Yorkshire Diamonds to lead Surrey Stars to their first Super League win.
League One side Gillingham have signed Queens Park Rangers forward Jay Emmanuel-Thomas on a season-long loan.
England and Liverpool midfielder James Milner has retired from international football.
Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County won an incident-packed derby with Inverness Caley Thistle.
Britain's Russell Knox and Paul Casey are tied second and third respectively after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Cromwell, USA.
League One side Bury have signed goalkeeper Paul Rachubka on a one-year deal following his release by Bolton.
Annan Athletic, Forfar Athletic, Clyde and Elgin City all started their Scottish League Two campaigns with single goal victories.
League Cup winners Hibernian Ladies beat Renfrew Ladies 19-0 in the third round of the Scottish Cup.
South Africa's women beat Ireland by 68 runs to take an unassailable 2-0 lead in their four-match one-day international series in Dublin.
Hinkley Point is the world's most expensive nuclear project.
Nottinghamshire go to Finals Day confident of winning their first T20 Blast title, says long-serving wicketkeeper Chris Read.
Craft brewer BrewDog has raised $1m (£770,000) from US investors within the first three days of a new funding round, according to the company.
Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and Wales back-rower Rob McCusker on a short-term contract as injury cover.
Head coach Paul Trollope says every player at Cardiff City "has their price," before the transfer window closes.
Air strikes on so-called Islamic State's Syrian stronghold of Raqqa have cut the city's water supply, with 20 civilians reported dead.
Derby County captain Richard Keogh has signed a new three-year deal, keeping him with the club until summer 2019.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest times for the Ulster Grand Prix Superbike and Superstock classes in Thursday's delayed practice sessions at Dundrod.
Record eight-times African champions Al Ahly of Egypt are facing elimination from the 2016 African Champions League after being held 2-2 at home by Zesco United of Zambia.
An £18m project to reduce flooding on a stretch of railway near Oxford has been completed.
Uzbekistan's Hasanboy Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's light-flyweight with victory over Colombian Yuberjen Herney Martinez.
Jazz Carlin has admitted her two Olympic silvers in Rio is after she "finally started believing" following advice from a sports psychologist.
Wigan Athletic have signed Bournemouth midfielder Shaun MacDonald for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal.
Jamaica's defending champion Usain Bolt made it through the 100m heats without alarm to reach the Olympic semi-finals.
Great Britain's Mark Cavendish is third after day one of the men's omnium as he aims for his first Olympic Games medal.
Recovery of the RAF helicopter which burst into flames shortly after the crew was forced to make an emergency landing began on Monday.
Oxford-born Spaniard Marcus Walz produced a remarkable finish to take the Olympic kayak 1,000m title at the Lagoa Stadium.
Captain Billy Godleman and all-rounder Shiv Thakor have signed new contracts at Derbyshire.
Norwich boss Alex Neil was pleased with his side's "control" during their 1-0 victory over Bristol City on Tuesday.
Former Watford defender Joel Ekstrand is currently training with Bristol City, head coach Lee Johnson has said.
Great Britain could have won another Olympic gold had the women's football team been allowed to compete, believes England head coach Mark Sampson.
Inverness CT head of youth development Charlie Christie believes a quota system should be introduced in Scottish football.
All-rounder Sean Ervine made a vital century for Hampshire as they reached 281-6 on the opening day against Somerset at Taunton.
A Labour MP who accused Jeremy Corbyn of threatening to use his father - former Sinn Féin mayor Pat McGinn - to "bully me into submission" has spoken publicly about the row.
Shares in Swiss agribusiness group Syngenta have risen 12% after its takeover by ChemChina was given the go-ahead by a US regulator.
An Ohio zoo where a gorilla was shot and killed has deleted its Twitter account after constant online harassment about the animal's death.
Bury have signed striker James Vaughan on a free transfer after he left Birmingham City by mutual consent.
Malorie Blackman's young adult novel Noughts and Crosses is to be made into a BBC One drama series.
A Czech hiker who went missing a month ago in the snowy mountains of New Zealand has described the "harrowing" ordeal in which her partner died.
Premiership bosses have said Cillian Willis' legal action against Sale could have wider repercussions for rugby.
Turbines installed off the coast of Shetland could herald a "new era" in tidal energy, according to the company running the project.
Mexico's federal police chief, Enrique Galindo, has been sacked following allegations police killed at least 22 suspected members of a drugs cartel.
The £24.3bn deal to sell UK tech firm ARM to Japan's Softbank is an example of the UK "selling out of our winners", former City minister Lord Myners has said.
A group of Syrian refugees living in Londonderry have spoken for the first time about what life was like in their war-torn country.
Scottish Borders Council is set to start the first phase of a wide-ranging overhaul of its schools provision across the region.
League One Rochdale have signed midfielder Keith Keane on loan from Cambridge United until January.
Wycombe have signed Scott Kashket after his Leyton Orient contract was terminated and Southampton midfielder Dominic Gape on loan until 3 January.
Richard Neville, the co-founder of 60s counterculture magazine Oz, has died aged 74 from Alzheimer's disease, his family have said.
A Romanian hacker who targeted high-profile US politicians has been sentenced to 52 months in prison.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have been confirmed among 126 riders for the 2016 Tour of Britain, which begins in Glasgow on Sunday.
Aaron Mooy's spectacular long-range strike earned unbeaten Championship leaders Huddersfield Town victory over struggling west Yorkshire rivals Leeds.
A memorial dedicated to the Jersey men who died in World War I has been unveiled in the Somme region of France.
(Close): The pound has lost some of the sharp gains made against the dollar after strong data on UK services.
Gloucestershire finished day one on 62-3 in reply to Glamorgan's 220 all out at the SSE Swalec Stadium in Cardiff.
A Welsh rock star has taken his bone marrow donor drive to Washington DC.
US President Barack Obama and Philippine leader Rodrigo Duterte had a brief face-to-face encounter, days after a very public spat.
A Belarus official who carried a Russian flag into the opening ceremony of the Paralympic Games has been banned from the competition.
Brazilian police say they want to speak to International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach about an alleged scheme to resell tickets during last month's Rio Olympics.
Striker Lee Gregory has signed a new contract with League One side Millwall, which will keep him at The Den until the summer of 2018.
Nicknamed "The Hangman of Prague", SS general Reinhard Heydrich was a man even Hitler himself feared as "the man with an iron heart".
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says it will be "more difficult" facing a Manchester City side that does not include Sergio Aguero on Saturday.
For more than a decade Ahmed Patel has lived with the legacy of the 7/7 attacks.
Fast bowlers Ben Cotton and Tom Taylor have signed new contracts with Derbyshire until the end of 2018.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has still not decided whether he will sell the club at the end of the current season.
Renaming Cardiff Airport in memory of Princess Diana would boost international recognition, a former councillor has said.
The government's Syrian vulnerable persons resettlement programme could be "at risk" because of a lack of school places and accommodation, a National Audit Office report has warned.
It's a big day for plastic money in England and Wales: The new £5 polymer note has been released by the Bank of England.
Substantive Brexit talks between the UK and the rest of the EU are unlikely to start much before the end of 2017, a former European Council president says.
Members of the public are being invited to spend a penny in a solid gold toilet at New York City's Guggenheim Museum.
Opposition politicians have expressed concern about the use of a special legal procedure to appoint a new Stormont press secretary.
The captain of a Manx football club has been found dead at a Liverpool hotel.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 on Tuesday to win the inaugural Cecafa Women's Championship in Uganda.
One of four men wrongly accused of murdering a British soldier has said he is "devastated, but not surprised" to learn that interview notes relating to the case have gone missing.
US President Barack Obama has announced a pledge by 50 nations to take in 360,000 refugees from war-torn countries this year.
"I think it's really sad and wrong they think we're terrorists, because we're not," says Chilla, a bright and articulate sixth-former at the elite Kharisma Bangsa high school near Jakarta, Indonesia's capital.
China's first space station is expected to fall back to Earth in the second half of 2017, amid speculation authorities have lost control of it.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis will take charge of his 1,000th game as a manager at former club Stoke on Saturday and says that one of the biggest changes during his career has been footballers becoming "film stars".
Watford's Isaac Success will not make his Nigeria debut in their 2018 World Cup qualifier against Zambia after picking up an injury.
Whitehaven have appointed former St Helens prop Carl Forster as player-coach at the age of 24, the youngest in the professional game.
Frenchman Alexander Levy extended his lead to six shots on day two of the fog-delayed European Open in Germany.
Thousands of people in Mexico City have protested against a government proposal to legalise same-sex marriage, which they say would undermine traditional families.
Champions Leicester City's struggles in the Premier League continued as they were held to a draw by Southampton.
Jose Fernandez, the talented 24-year-old baseball star who died in a boat crash on Sunday, was heralded by baseball commissioner Rob Manfred as one of the game's "great young stars".
Rangers boss Mark Warburton was furious with the award of a free-kick from which Aberdeen scored their winning goal in a 2-1 victory at Pittodrie.
Warwickshire off-spinner Jeetan Patel has won the Professional Cricketers' Association (PCA) Most Valuable Player award for a second time.
Four men have been charged after police recovered an armour-piercing mortar during searches in Lurgan.
A woman who was allegedly raped and abused by eight men in Rotherham changed from a "lovely girl to an animal", her mother told jurors.
Tributes have been paid to a 24-year-old youth football coach who died in a crash in Angus.
Craig Gordon hopes an impressive display against Manchester City can help him retain a regular starting position at Celtic.
Jayaram Jayalalitha was one of India's most colourful and controversial politicians, adored by some and condemned by others.
Czech 14th seed Petra Kvitova kept up her superb form by thrashing fourth seed Simona Halep to reach the final at the Wuhan Open in China.
The police watchdog has launched an investigation following the death of a 50-year-old woman.
Mayo's 65-year wait for an All-Ireland Senior Football title goes on after holders Dublin edged a 1-15 to 1-14 win in the final replay at Croke Park.
Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will partner rookies in Saturday's foursomes as Europe begins day two of the Ryder Cup 5-3 behind the United States.
BBC Radio 2 and Crimewatch presenter Jeremy Vine has written a letter to a 15-year-old after a video shared on social media showed the boy being attacked by a group of teenagers in Romford, east London.
The management team behind Scottish boxer Mike Towell, who died after a fight, have said they were unaware he had been complaining of headaches.
The British conductor and violinist, Sir Neville Marriner, has died at the age of 92, the Academy of St Martin in the Fields says.
Renewed protests have hit Ethiopia's Oromia region, a day after at least 55 people were killed in a stampede triggered by clashes between police and demonstrators at a religious festival.
A Tottenham Hotspur youth player has agreed to damages, believed to be £7m, after he was left brain damaged from a cardiac arrest on his debut.
Fr Gary Donegan was confronted by a small crowd of angry protesters following Saturday's Orange Order march in north Belfast.
Ulster University risks losing some 20m euros (£17.5m) in European Union funding and tuition fees as a result of the Brexit vote, warns a report.
Gillingham have signed former Aston Villa midfielder Chris Herd until the end of the season and striker Frank Nouble on a short-term deal.
Austria winger Martin Harnik will miss Thursday's World Cup qualifier against Wales in Vienna because of a calf injury.
Controversial plans for a £12m renewable energy project at a Conwy county waterfall beauty spot have been withdrawn.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have started digging at a second site.
England play the first of three one-day internationals against Bangladesh on Friday, following a build-up dominated by security concerns.
American weightlifter Norik Vardanian has tested positive for a banned substance in a sample he gave while competing for Armenia at London 2012.
Greg Draper grabbed a hat-trick as The New Saints made history by becoming the first non-Scottish side into the Scottish Challenge Cup quarter-finals.
With a growing appetite for chicken in Africa, BBC Africa's Kim Chakanetsa investigates why the continent does not produce enough birds to feed itself.
Nick Kyrgios said he was "bored" as he extended his unbeaten run to six matches with victory over Sam Querrey at the Shanghai Masters.
The Islamic State group (IS) has confirmed the death last month of one of its most senior leaders, Abu Mohammed al-Furqan.
Harlequins have agreed a deal to sign Montpellier fly-half Demetri Catrakilis ahead of the 2017-18 season.
Glamorgan have made signing another fast bowler their priority for 2017, says chief executive Hugh Morris.
A Pakistani Christian woman on death row for blasphemy has had her appeal adjourned after one of the judges refused to hear the case.
A fresh inquest can take place into the death of a young soldier at an army barracks in Surrey 21 years ago, a high court judge has ruled.
British pair Naomi Broady and Heather Watson lost 6-3 6-1 to Chan Yung-jan and Chan Hao-ching in the doubles final of the Hong Kong Open.
Ryan Johnston's half-time introduction help Kilcoo edge out 13-man Scotstown 1-8 to 0-9 in the Ulster Club Football preliminary round game at Clones.
Scotland will be represented at next month's European Curling Championships in Braehead by rinks led by Tom Brewster and Eve Muirhead.
England put in a dominant display to win the fifth and final one-day international against West Indies by five wickets and take the series 3-2.
Castleford Tigers have signed Cronulla Sharks forward Jesse Sene-Lefao on a two-year deal.
Lewis Hamilton says he will "take it like a man" if he loses this year's Formula 1 title to Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Manager Brendan Rodgers is sure Celtic can exploit the wide open spaces of Hampden when they meet Rangers in Sunday's League Cup semi-final.
British Olympic champion Katie Archibald won omnium gold at the European Track Championships, her second title in two nights in Paris.
Up to 70 child migrants from the Jungle camp in Calais are expected to arrive at a temporary Home Office "respite facility", the BBC has learnt.
Fewer than a third of staff at Queen's University believe it is being led effectively, according to a survey conducted by the university itself.
Tottenham's Moussa Sissoko will be banned for three matches for elbowing Bournemouth's Harry Arter, missing the north London derby with Arsenal.
National League side Gateshead have signed versatile Notts County defender Wes Atkinson on a one-month loan deal.
Bayer Leverkusen head coach Roger Schmidt has been banned and fined for calling an opposing manager "a nutcase" during a Bundesliga game.
A superb pitching display from Corey Kluber helped the Cleveland Indians to an emphatic 6-0 win over the Chicago Cubs in the World Series opening game.
Audi will not race in next season's World Endurance Championship, which includes the iconic Le Mans 24 Hours race, to concentrate on Formula E.
Huddersfield Giants forward Ukuma Ta'ai has signed a two-year contract extension.
An American Airlines plane has caught fire on the runway of Chicago's O'Hare airport while taking off.
David Fox's first goal for Plymouth Argyle 10 minutes from time saw them into the hat for the second round of the FA Cup after a hard-fought win at Mansfield Town.
The Cleveland Indians edged 2-1 ahead in the World Series with a 1-0 victory at Chicago.
England captain Alastair Cook blamed inexperience for England's batting collapse during their 108-run defeat by Bangladesh in the second Test in Dhaka.
England must take the positives from Saturday's Four Nations opener defeat by New Zealand, says winger Ryan Hall.
The Red Arrows aerobatic team will be "around for a while yet", Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
Bristol have suspended director of rugby Andy Robinson pending a "review of their coaching needs", and placed coach Mark Tainton in interim charge.
Only two weeks after his first training session in rugby union, Josh Charnley will make his debut for Sale Sharks in Friday's Anglo-Welsh Cup game against Wasps.
Sometimes, the simplest explanation is the right one.
A charity has donated £500,000 to help Glasgow School of Art (GSA) expand its Garnethill campus and repair the fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
On the 31st floor of an upmarket block of flats in Hong Kong's energetic Wanchai district, British banker Rurik Jutting brutally killed two Indonesian women in what would become known as one of the city's most notorious killings.
The Football Associations of England and Scotland say they will ignore a ban on players wearing poppies in their upcoming match on 11 November.
Portadown have forfeited the points they won by beating Ards on Saturday and been fined £350 for playing Robert Garrett while he was suspended.
Plans aimed at preserving the heritage of mountains in Snowdonia deemed "at risk" have taken a step forward.
The five world champions on the current grid have all secured at least one title in Brazil and on Sunday they could be joined by a sixth - if Nico Rosberg wins the race, team-mate Lewis Hamilton's hopes of an unlikely late-season comeback will be over.
Zambia international Rainford Kalaba scored twice as TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo beat Algeria's Mouloudia Bejaia 4-1 at home on Sunday to win the African Confederation Cup for the first time.
John Higgins reeled off three centuries from 7-7 to beat Stuart Bingham 10-7 in the final of the China Championship.
Livingston remain two points clear at the top of Scottish League One after they beat nine-man East Fife.
"The greatest show on earth" was PT Barnum's claim for his three ring circus.
The Ministry of Defence is to close the British Army's Welsh headquarters at Brecon, Powys, in 2027.
Winger Jordan Williams helped end Taunton's FA Cup adventure as Barrow earned victory in their first-round replay at Holker Street.
Wales have called up uncapped 18-year-old Ospreys wing Keelan Giles for the rest of the autumn international series following an injury to Hallam Amos.
A woman from Bridgend made the final three in a competition to find the new voice of the speaking clock.
Search and rescue helicopter crews based at Inverness Airport have completed 500 missions since the start of their duties in April last year.
Midfielder Joe Ledley believes the Football Association of Wales will make the ''right decision'' on how best to mark Armistice Day in the World Cup qualifier against Serbia.
England and Scotland meet for the 113th time at Wembley on Friday night as a rivalry which "is known throughout the world" returns.
French driver Esteban Ocon will race for Force India in 2017 after agreeing a "multi-year deal", with the team.
A politician who wants to restore close ties with Russia is tipped to win the second round of Moldova's presidential election on Sunday.
Three west Wales radio stations are to relocate to Vale of Glamorgan this month, BBC Wales understands.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes are close to be being snuffed out following a 3-0 loss to England at Wembley.
Branislav Ivanovic says Wales will want to avenge their previous two defeats against Serbia when they meet in Saturday's World Cup qualifier.
A study to improve the survival rate of unborn twins, with a potentially life threatening syndrome, is under way in Bristol.
Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish League Two table to seven points with a 2-0 win over Berwick Rangers at Station Park.
Coach Joe Schmidt believes Ireland will face a furious backlash from a fired-up New Zealand side in Dublin on Saturday.
Samsung Electronics is buying automotive electronics-maker Harman International Industries for $8bn (£6.4bn), as it makes a big push into connected car technologies.
Netherlands captain Mandy van den Berg has joined Reading Women from Liverpool on a permanent deal.
House prices in Northern Ireland continued to rise in the third quarter of this year, but at a slower rate.
Bolton Wanderers goalkeeper Mark Howard could be out for 12 weeks with a broken thumb and ligament damage suffered in their League One loss at Peterborough.
The BBC World Service will launch 11 new language services as part of its biggest expansion "since the 1940s", the corporation has announced.
The president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) Thomas Bach says he has "no regrets" about letting Russia compete at the Rio Games this summer, despite a state-sponsored cheating programme.
Commuters were given a surprise upgrade when a luxury train arrived for their daily journey to work.
Rochdale striker Calvin Andrew's 12-match ban for elbowing Oldham defender Peter Clarke has been reduced to nine.
Characters based on a Nickelodeon cartoon were dropped from a Northern Ireland council's Christmas celebrations - after it emerged they were unauthorised.
Ipswich Town put their scoring problems behind them with their biggest win of the season to sink QPR at Portman Road.
National League side Bromley have signed former Liverpool youngster Michael Ngoo.
Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them has had the biggest UK box office opening weekend of the year so far.
Alex Salmond has held informal talks at the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) about the UK's future relationship with Europe.
Two Manchester United fans spent Friday night undetected in an Old Trafford toilet in an attempt to see Saturday's Premier League game against Arsenal.
Tottenham's players lacked the quality and mentality required to reach the knockout stage of the Champions League, says boss Mauricio Pochettino.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised the bravery of his former player Andy Woodward for speaking out about being sexually abused by a coach as a child.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says he was "disappointed" that he did not get a call from Aston Villa over their managerial vacancy in the summer.
St Johnstone moved within two points of fourth place in the Scottish Premiership by despatching 10-man Inverness CT, who now sit bottom.
The family of missing Inverness teenager Adam Mitchell have been informed of the discovery of a man's body near St Fergus in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been jailed for eight years for the brutal rape of a woman in 1985, thanks to advances in DNA and forensic investigations, police say.
Two-thirds of Scotland's councils have cut the amount of money spent on lollipop men and women in the past three years, research by BBC Scotland has found.
National League strugglers York City have signed Newport striker Jon Parkin on loan until January.
Magnus Carlsen of Norway has won the World Chess Championship for the third consecutive time after defeating challenger Sergey Karjakin of Russia.
A killer who boasted he was the "hardest man" in town has been found guilty of murdering a soldier in Powys.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy is the only English player named on the 55-man shortlist for the Fifa FIFPro team of the year.
Ivory Coast are confident Wilfried Zaha will soon be part of their team, but new England boss Gareth Southgate has not given up on the forward.
Manchester City and Chelsea have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players during the Premier League game on Saturday.
At his lowest point, Ryan Longmuir took drugs every day "just to feel normal".
Beyonce has scooped nine nominations for the 2017 Grammy Awards, extending her lead as the most-nominated woman in Grammys history.
Jayaram Jayalalitha was the undisputed leader of the governing party in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, but her sudden death has raised questions over who will replace her and what direction the party will take.
Mark Ronson is to headline Camp Bestival in 2017, organisers have said.
Auditors have questioned the way a health board handled funding awarded to a celebrity-led charity event.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness pulled out of a trip to China this week due to medical advice, it has been revealed.
Northern Ireland exporters are continuing to experience a surge in business as a result of the weakening of sterling, the Ulster Bank has said.
Britain's Kal Yafai won the WBA super-flyweight title with a unanimous decision over Luis Concepcion.
The Irish foreign minister has said the government will apply maximum pressure on the Egyptian authorities to secure the return of a prisoner to Ireland.
On Friday 5 February, at the Regency Airport Hotel in north Dublin, a boxing weigh-in became a murder scene.
The developers of the proposed Swansea Bay tidal lagoon have accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing a "grossly misleading" analysis of the project's likely impact on fish.
A Sydney police officer and huge Star Wars fan has become a local hit after creating a Darth Vader costume painted with the Australian flag.
A woman has admitted killing her partner who was fatally stabbed after returning home from a day at the races.
Ulster clinched a 32nd Interprovincial football title as they produced a strong second half to earn a 2-16 to 3-10 comeback win over holders Connacht.
2016 has come to an end and it certainly was an eventful year.
They say that Christmas is the time for charity but there are going to be a few football managers across the country wishing their players had not been quite so generous this year.
Livingston moved 10 points clear at the top of Scottish League One after beating Airdrieonians.
Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte says he has is not concerned over a number of injuries to key players going into next month's African Nations Cup finals.
With Hogmanay looming, DJ MacIntyre, Gaelic officer at the University of the Highlands and Islands, highlights a tradition once popular on South Uist in the Western Isles and with a connection to Norse culture - Hogmanay Boys.
Northern Ireland's top law officer cannot refer the "gay cake" case to the Supreme Court, senior judges have said.
Second-half goals from Oscar Threlkeld and substitute Craig Tanner were enough for Plymouth to beat Crawley and move back to the top of League Two.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said Israel will re-assess its ties with the United Nations.
Ospreys ground out a gritty win over Newport Gwent Dragons in a Pro12 derby played on a dreadful Rodney Parade pitch.
Ex-Manchester City and United striker Carlos Tevez has signed for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenhua, the club confirmed on Thursday.
A man hoping to build an 224ft-high Welsh dragon tower on the English border will ask councillors for an extra five years to start the project.
German police have released a 40-year-old Tunisian man who had been a suspected accomplice of the Berlin Christmas market assailant.
An offer for Championship club Bradford Bulls from a consortium has been rejected, report BBC Radio Leeds.
A date has been set for work to start on a long-awaited bypass for a Carmarthenshire town which should ease congestion and reduce pollution.
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 206 runs thanks to a five-wicket haul in the first 14 overs on the final day of the first Test.
Swansea's caretaker manager Alan Curtis says there would be no guarantee the club would return to the Premier League if they were relegated this season.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock has confirmed the club will start discussing a new contract for midfielder Peter Whittingham.
Rangers will challenge a two-match ban offered to defender Rob Kiernan for violent conduct following a clash with St Johnstone's Steven Anderson.
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic has dismissed reports that striker Chris Martin could return early to Derby from his season-long loan at Craven Cottage.
Grimsby have signed striker Adi Yussuf on an 18-month deal from fellow League Two side Mansfield.
Dozens of people have attended a vigil at the spot where a man was shot dead in a police operation.
The Nigerian army says that one of the abducted Chibok schoolgirls has been found, along with her six-month-old baby.
Great Britain's Callum Hawkins was beaten into second by USA's Leonard Korir in a dramatic sprint finish at the Great Edinburgh Cross Country.
Eight years ago the government rescued Lloyds by taking a 43% stake for just over Â£20bn.
The head of the consular department at Russia's embassy in Greece has been found dead in his flat in Athens, police say.
The impact of the political crisis at Stormont continues to feature prominently in some of the newspaper headlines on Wednesday.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders midfield Eamon McAllister.
Fulham midfielder Jozabed has joined Spanish La Liga side Celta Vigo on loan until the end of the season.
A 63-year-old man will appear in court following the collapse of a pedestrian bridge on the M20 during last August's bank holiday weekend.
Scottish Cup holders Hibernian demolished Bonnyrigg Rose at Tynecastle to ease into the fifth round.
Exeter scrum-half Will Chudley is out for two months with a chest injury.
Ex-Manchester United and Netherlands boss Louis van Gaal says he has retired from coaching after a 26-year career.
A man who claimed he was abused at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has lost a legal action for compensation.
Manager Brian Reid has left Stranraer by mutual consent, the Scottish League One club have announced.
Scotland's newest police horses have been named after two of the country's most famous islands.
Saracens boss Mark McCall has criticised Scarlets' James Davies after Will Skelton was sin-binned during the meeting of the side last weekend.
BHP Billiton and Vale have agreed a deadline of 30 June to consolidate and settle claims resulting from Brazil's Samarco dam disaster in 2015.
Dan Evans joined Andy Murray in the last 16 of the Australian Open with a brilliant performance to give Britain two men in the fourth round.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was slashed with a knife during a routine vehicle check.
Cafodd esgob benywaidd cyntaf yr Eglwys yng Nghymru ei chysegru mewn seremoni yng Nghaerdydd ddydd Sadwrn.
Egypt knocked out Morocco to reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals as substitute Mahmoud Abdel-Moneim prodded home a dramatic 87th-minute winner.
One of the Queen's chaplains has resigned after a row about reading from the Koran in a Glasgow church.
England held on to win the third one-day international against India by five runs as Ben Stokes found redemption at Eden Gardens.
Ireland have won the hockey World League Round Two in Kuala Lumpur by beating Malaysia 3-0 in Sunday's final.
Nice midfielder Alassane Plea has confirmed he heard racist abuse directed at team-mate Mario Balotelli during Friday's 1-1 draw at Bastia.
Cornish Pirates coach Gavin Cattle says his side has room for improvement despite their 50-24 win over Connacht.
A 33-year-old woman has been found guilty of stabbing her boyfriend to death on the balcony of her Rutherglen flat.
Sam Warburton says he remains as hungry as ever to play for Wales despite losing the captaincy to Alun Wyn Jones.
Derby County eased past Ipswich Town to rise to sixth place in the Championship and add more pressure on Tractor Boys boss Mick McCarthy.
Hamilton Academical moved three points clear of Premiership bottom side Inverness Caledonian Thistle with victory over the Highlanders.
Ikea is recalling a beach chair sold in the UK after reports that it can collapse and cause injury.
Sales and profits slipped at Boeing last year, driven largely by lower deliveries of its military aircraft.
Former Nottingham Forest striker Stan Collymore says he is no longer interested in a role as sporting director at the Championship club.
Fulham have signed Werder Bremen midfielder Thanos Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Burton Albion have signed Lasse Vigen Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan from Championship rivals Fulham until the end of the season.
Manchester City have accepted a Football Association anti-doping charge after failing to notify officials of player whereabouts for drugs testing.
Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open, as England's Justin Rose maintained a one-shot lead.
Bird flu has been found at a second pheasant farm in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has confirmed.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has played down newspaper reports that Barcelona are pursuing Tony Gallacher.
Shares in Tesco led the declines on the FTSE 100, giving up some of Friday's gains when the stock surged in the wake of news of its planned tie-up with food wholesaler Booker.
LeBron James became the first player to score 20,000 points for the Cleveland Cavaliers when the NBA champions beat Oklahoma Thunder 107-91.
Everton defender Tyias Browning has signed a new two-and-a-half-year deal and joined Championship side Preston on loan for the rest of the season.
A Coventry City fans' trust says disruption at Saturday's defeat by Northampton was caused by "desperation" with the club's owners, Sisu.
The shock from Sunday night's deadly the Quebec mosque shooting is slowly waning.
Leicester Lions Speedway have been bought by Sheffield Tigers promoter Damien Bates.
Hartlepool have signed strikers Andrew Nelson and Louis Rooney on loan from Sunderland and Plymouth respectively.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.
Johnny Depp's financial troubles are caused by his lavish lifestyle, claim the former business managers he is suing for mismanaging his earnings.
Garry Ringrose has never played in the Six Nations before - but he's already being hailed as Ireland's best prospect since Brian O'Driscoll.
Flanker Sean O'Brien has been named in the Ireland team to face Scotland in Saturday's Six Nations opener.
A fire authority repeatedly refused to start an investigation into allegations over the way it was being run, the fire service minister has said.
Ipswich Town defender Steven Taylor believes all young footballers should still clean the boots and fetch coffees for the first team.
Wales lock Jake Ball says he wants to put his stamp on a second-row shirt after the "heartbreak" of the 2016 autumn series.
Cardiff City are waiting to discover if midfielder Peter Whittingham will sign a new contract.
A paraglider has been rescued after being injured on a mountain in County Armagh.
Campaigners want a dedicated clinic for victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) to be opened in Wales.
You may recognise Nikki from CBBC's Junior Bake Off, which she won last year.
British number four Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in three sets to reach round two of the Marseille Open.
Greenock Morton boss Jim Duffy says it would be a huge shock if his side were to knock Rangers out of the Scottish Cup at Ibrox on Sunday.
Super League newcomers Leigh Centurions have signed Hull FC utility back Curtis Naughton on a season-long loan deal.
Former Liverpool striker Ian St John has called on football's leaders to look after former professionals who have dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Relatives of Bloody Sunday victims have called a march by military veterans in Londonderry "an act of pure provocation".
Bondz N'Gala has joined Dover, a week after a move to Gillingham fell through because of Fifa regulations.
British actor Alec McCowen, who played gadget inventor Q opposite Sir Sean Connery in "rogue Bond" film Never Say Never Again, has died at the age of 91.
Torquay United have signed Barrow defender Myles Anderson on a permanent deal, and Irish forward Ruairi Keating on non-contract terms.
Welsh snowboarder Maisie Potter says the 2018 Winter Olympics are on her mind a year away from the games' start.
A soldier who was investigated by the Iraq Historic Abuse Team after being falsely accused of war crimes in Iraq says its closure is "long overdue".
Police have recovered a body from the River Nith at Kingholm Quay, two miles south of Dumfries.
Tottenham showed a "lack of desire" to win the Premier League with their first-half display in the 2-0 loss at Liverpool, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
Ospreys have signed Sale Sharks' former South Africa tight head prop Brian Mujati until the end of the season.
Celtic, Rangers and Aberdeen were all handed home ties after the draw for the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving, after a man died after he was hit by a car in Levenshulme.
Ireland have progressed to the Super Six stage of the Women's World Cup Qualifier after finishing third in their group in Sri Lanka.
Durham Women have signed England international goalkeeper Rachel Laws for the WSL Spring Series competition.
Britain's most senior police chief has called for "less suspicion and more trust" in officers who carry guns, in his final speech before retirement.
Scientists have uncovered the first evidence of live births in the group of animals that includes dinosaurs, crocodiles and birds.
Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus broke a metatarsal in Monday's 2-0 Premier League win at Bournemouth.
The case of a man accused of a homosexual rape in an Edinburgh graveyard has been deserted and will restart with a fresh jury.
A man who raided a post office on the outskirts of Edinburgh has been jailed for seven years.
Nigeria winger Asisat Oshoala has left Women's Super League One club Arsenal Ladies to join Chinese side Dalian Quanjian.
Swindon Town's Jermaine Hylton may face internal disciplinary action after walking out on his side before Tuesday's 2-1 loss at Northampton Town.
"Aggressive" language used by some AMs in debates about Brexit is heightening public tensions over the issue, Welsh Tory leader Andrew RT Davies has said.
National League North side Gloucester City are in talks with rugby league team Gloucestershire All Golds about a potential groundshare.
Prime Minister Theresa May has agreed to meet the head of France's PSA Group to discuss its planned takeover of Vauxhall in the UK.
A man who slit his own throat while in a dock awaiting sentence has admitted taking a kitchen knife into a magistrates' court in Pembrokeshire.
YouTube is to scrap "unskippable" 30-second advertisements on the video-streaming service, from 2018.
Clyde's Barry Ferguson admits it is make or break for his side's promotion play-off chances when they travel to face Annan Athletic on Saturday.
Manager Grant McCann has apologised to the fans for Peterborough United's 4-1 home defeat by fellow League One play-off hopefuls Southend United.
Props D'arcy Rae and Jamie Bhatti have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
An airport in the Australian city of Melbourne has reopened two days after a plane crash that killed five people.
Gale force winds have led to the cancellation of ferries and flights between the Isle of Man and the UK.
Sport funding in Scotland is facing a 20% reduction over a three-year period, a move described as "heartbreaking" by the national agency.
St Colman's Newry progressed to the MacRory Cup final by beating St Ronan's Lurgan 0-14 to 0-8 in Thursday night's semi-final at the Athletic Grounds.
A new arts-based project using photography and video aims to show the people behind disability.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Nabil Bentaleb will join Schalke on a permanent deal at the end of his loan spell this summer.
John Horan easily won the vote at Congress on Friday night to become the GAA president-elect.
Down ended a run of 14 straight defeats in competitive games stretching back to April 2015 as they earned a 1-13 to 0-14 win over Meath in Division Two of the Football League.
Four thousand new homes could be built on greenbelt land in a new garden village development for Surrey.
At least 13 policemen were killed by one of their own in Afghanistan's southern Helmand province.
Shares in Moneysupermarket fell more than 6% after the comparison website warned that revenues so far this year were running below last year's levels.
A County Tyrone car dealer, whose driving caused the death of a pensioner, has been given a community service order and a three-year driving ban.
Bournemouth's Polish goalkeeper Artur Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.
Some Scottish hospitals are spending just 94p per patient meal, the BBC has learned.
England number eight Billy Vunipola is set for a shock early return to action for his club Saracens against Newcastle on Sunday, boosting his hopes of a 2017 Six Nations call-up.
Wales forward Sam Vokes hopes they can turn their World Cup qualifying fortunes around when they visit the Republic of Ireland on 24 March.
Having amended the government's Brexit Bill by a thumping majority this week, the big question for next week in Westminster is whether peers will do it again, potentially more than once.
The former Nigeria captain and coach, Sunday Oliseh, says he is relishing his role as head coach of Dutch club Fortuna Sittard, after a successful start at the second tier side.
A section of the M1 was closed due to an "aircraft emergency" on a flight from Gran Canaria.
A man has been arrested for a second time in connection with the killing of a schoolgirl more than 50 years ago.
A manhunt is under way in Germany after a man allegedly stabbed a nine-year-old neighbour to death and uploaded a video boasting of his deed to the dark web.
Shares in Paddy Power Betfair fell more than 5% despite the bookmaker reporting rising revenues and underlying profits.
Jockey George Baker has returned to England for treatment in London after his heavy fall on a frozen lake track in St Moritz, Switzerland last month.
Wales prop Tomas Francis admitted he was relieved when coach Rob Howley named an unchanged team for Friday's Six Nations match with Ireland.
Mali international midfielder Yves Bissouma has signed a new contract to stay with French club Lille until 2021.
Katie Cooke has a lifestyle clash few others can rival.
Lawyer Amal Clooney has urged the UN to act against so-called Islamic State by backing a UK-led investigation into the group's atrocities in Iraq.
The chairman of the Scottish Police Authority has said Aberdeen's emergency control room will only be closed if it is safe to do so.
Northern Ireland's Kris Meeke survived a late scare at Rally Mexico to clinch his fourth win in a World Rally Championship event.
New Leicester boss Craig Shakespeare says he is "not looking beyond this season" despite being backed by his players to get the job longer term.
Former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips is shocked by a planned merger between his former club Racing 92 and their rivals Stade Francais.
A feature-length documentary film about the founder of Europe's first Tibetan Buddhist centre in Dumfriesshire has staged its world premiere.
A 10-year deal by Natural Resources Wales to sell timber to a sawmill was made without other companies being allowed to bid, the Auditor General for Wales has said.
A mother is preparing to bury her son for a second time after being told his organs were removed and stored in secret for more than 20 years.
A corn snake has been discovered in a Neath van destined for the scrapheap.
An Andy Warhol painting of Chairman Mao is to be auctioned in Hong Kong - and it could go to a Chinese bidder for a "homecoming" of sorts.
Ireland were on the receiving end of two controversial lbw decisions as they lost their second one-day international against Afghanistan by 34 runs.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement has said his side must reflect on the "bigger picture" after their 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth in the Premier League.
Ulster forwards coach Allen Clarke will join Ospreys at the end of the season.
A mother was suffering from "forgotten baby syndrome" when her young son died in a hot car, an Australian inquest has heard.
A man with terminal motor neurone disease has told the High Court he faces an "unbearable death" because of the law on assisted dying.
Harlow is celebrating the 70th anniversary of being designated a new town.
A man who killed woman at a hostel had sent letters threatening to kill others while in prison, an inquest has heard.
Peter Lines defeated seven-time world champion Stephen Hendry in the semi-finals on his way to winning the World Seniors Championship.
Leicester midfielder Danny Drinkwater is fit despite having been unavailable for England duty because of a minor hip problem.
The world leader of millions of Muslims has condemned the Westminster terror attack calling it an "affront to the teachings of Islam".
Josh Taylor says he "learned a lot about himself" in his Commonwealth super-lightweight title defence against South Africa's Warren Joubert.
'Man on 11-day booze binge caught with deadly weapons at airport' - well, that'll get the weekly paper review started.
The effects of the Stormont stalemate are becoming clearer with every passing day - and things don't look good for anyone.
Worcester Warriors loose-head prop Ryan Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Welsh boxer Ashley Brace will fight for her first professional title in her hometown of Ebbw Vale on 22 April.
Glentoran striker Nacho Novo has had a six-match ban for an attempted head-butt halved to three games by the Irish FA's disciplinary committee.
Entering the flat where Shannon Bancroft brought up her son Kayden with the help of her mother, Julie, it's clear the trauma Kayden's death has wrought on the family.
Five members of the same family have been killed in a helicopter crash in north Wales.
A 17th Century notebook analysing the work of William Shakespeare has been described as "extraordinary" by an Antiques Roadshow expert.
A Carmarthenshire sheep rustler has been convicted after police used DNA testing on lambs for the first time in Wales.
The Wales Green Party has launched its campaign for the local elections, pledging to "rebuild" communities.
Parents could face higher fees and extra charges when the government rolls out a plan to double the number of free childcare hours, warn providers.
James Corden has had a capital idea - to film three episodes of his late night US talk show on home turf.
Lloyds Bank has announced the locations of 100 branches that it plans to close between July and October.
UKIP AM Mark Reckless is set to quit the party and vote with the Conservative group in the Assembly.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his side are running out of time in their bid to avoid Premier League relegation.
Microsoft has released some of the specifications for its new console - known as Project Scorpio.
The amount paid by English clubs to agents has risen by 38% in a year - up from £160m to £220m.
Families of two men who died in prison have brought a High Court case over the "exceptionally" high rate of self-inflicted deaths there.
Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila has appointed Bruno Tshibala as the new prime minister of the power-sharing government.
A High Court hearing has begun into plans to erect a 17km line of pylons along the Denbighshire and Conwy border.
Argentina have sacked Edgardo Bauza after eight matches as coach, with the team outside the automatic qualifying places for next year's World Cup.
Bristol have re-signed London Irish hooker Jason Harris-Wright.
Robin McBryde says there is still an opportunity for players to play their way into the British and Irish Lions and Wales squads if they impress at Judgement Day.
Former Chelsea and Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba has joined United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising as a player and co-owner.
A GP surgery in Dorset that was rated inadequate after inspectors found staff shortages put patients at risk has been taken out of special measures.
Anything less than victory against the Mallards will see Portadown relegated from the Irish Premiership.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) takeover of Newport Gwent Dragons will be put to the vote on Tuesday, 9 May.
Double Olympic champion Nicola Adams will contest three-minute rounds in her next fight, a contrast to the standard two minutes in women's boxing.
King George IV's only known surviving grand piano has been returned to Brighton's Royal Pavilion after being bought at auction for Â£62,000.
Defending champion Mark Selby reached the second round of the World Championship by thrashing Fergal O'Brien 10-2 at the Crucible Theatre.
The world's oldest person has died in Italy at the age of 117, reports say.
"We're back," declared Hibernian boss Neil Lennon as the strains of 'Sunshine of Leith' rang around Easter Road on Saturday in celebration of the club's return to Scotland's top flight.
Marketa Vondrousova, a 17-year-old qualifier, beat Anett Kontaveit in the final of the Biel Bienne Open in Switzerland to win her first WTA title.
Ireland's Paul Dunne lost to Italian Edoardo Molinari in a play-off at the Trophee Hassan II at Royal Golf Dar Es Salam in Morocco on Sunday.
Mae'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May wedi cyhoeddi y bydd yn gofyn i Dŷ'r Cyffredin bleidleisio o blaid cynnal etholiad cyffredinol ar fyr rybudd ar 8 Mehefin.
The EU has to be measured in its response to Theresa May's election announcement.
A new boss for health services in south Wales has been appointed all the way from Australia.
Olympic champion Elinor Barker has praised under fire British Cycling following her victory at the Track Cycling World Championships.
An Ayr United fan living in Peru has designed the winner of an online poll to choose a new club badge.
A council boss has refused to say if he will honour a vow to repay compensation won in a libel case to the authority.
Olympic gold medallist Dani King could cycle for Wales at the 2018 Commonwealth Games, having previously represented England.
A study that claims humans reached the Americas 130,000 years ago - much earlier than previously suggested - has run into controversy.
World number one Andy Murray gained revenge for last Thursday's defeat by Albert Ramos-Vinolas in Monte Carlo by beating the Spaniard to reach the last four of the Barcelona Open.
Dutchman Dylan Groenewegen claimed the opening stage victory in this year's Tour de Yorkshire.
Blackburn were relegated to League One on goal difference, despite beating Brentford at Griffin Park, after Nottingham Forest's win over Ipswich.
Thirty-six members of the Yazidi religious minority are free after nearly three years in the hands of so-called Islamic State (IS), the UN says.
Fines for people who walk more than four dogs at a time have come into force in a Hampshire town.
A record-breaking number of migrating birds have been recorded on the Hebridean island of Tiree this year.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is due to meet Vladimir Putin in Russia for the first time since 2015.
Theresa May says she will be a "bloody difficult woman" towards European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker during Brexit talks.
Website reporters covering Theresa May's visit to Cornwall have complained they were not allowed to film her.
Che Adams will be available to play in Birmingham City's final game of the season after his red card against Huddersfield was rescinded.
A man charged with murdering his wife at a care home has died before his court case could be heard.
Gateshead are in discussions to offer new deals to JJ O'Donnell, George Smith, Liam Hogan and Gus Mafuta for next season's National League campaign.
Scotland's managers have nominated Aberdeen's Derek McInnes, Brendan Rodgers of Celtic, Partick Thistle's Alan Archibald and Morton's Jim Duffy for the manager of the year award.
The Women's FA Cup Final is set for a new competition-record crowd at Wembley, with 34,500 tickets already sold eight days before the 2017 final.
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland made a 2016 pre-tax profit of £58m on a turnover of £176m.
It's called The Flow: A state of effortless concentration and enjoyment, where time just seems to melt away - and Tove Styrke has been getting a lot of it lately.
Gregor Townsend says Saturday's 1872 Cup derby provides one last chance for players to force their way into his first Scotland squad.
Education in Wales will be discussed at a conference in Cardiff on Monday.
Akzo Nobel, the owner of Dulux paint, has rejected a third takeover offer by US rival PPG Industries, leaving the door open to a hostile bid.
Performers from 42 countries strode down a long red carpet near Ukraine's parliament this week, as a curtain-raiser to this year's Eurovision Song Contest.
Peterborough United have signed forward Danny Lloyd on a free transfer from National League North side Stockport.
Campaigners fear too many young people are being put on the powerful anti-acne drug Roaccutane, which has been linked with suicidal feelings.
Britain's double Olympic champion Nicola Adams will face Mexico's Maryan Salazar in Leeds on Saturday.
More than 350 jobs in County Durham will be axed when Walkers crisp factory closes, the owner has confirmed.
Lord Derby has won a key High Court stage of his fight to build 400 homes on his land.
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald is on a shortlist of candidates for the Swindon Town vacancy.
Phil Taylor set up a Premier League play-off semi-final with Peter Wright after claiming the last qualifying spot in Aberdeen.
Brendan Duddy - a Londonderry businessman described as Northern Ireland's "secret peacemaker" - has died aged 80.
Stoke City's £18.3m record signing Giannelli Imbula could leave the club this summer, manager Mark Hughes says.
League One side Northampton Town have released defender Gabriel Zakuani after contract talks broke down over his international commitments.
Angry soldiers have blocked off access to Bouaké, the second largest city in the Ivory Coast, as a revolt over a pay dispute continues.
In three weeks, the eyes of the sporting world will be on Cardiff when Real Madrid and Juventus arrive in town for the Champions League final.
Britain's Kal Yafai retained his WBA super-flyweight title with a points win over a game Suguru Muranaka.
A toddler was bitten by a sniffer dog while she was visiting a relative in a high security jail in east London, it has emerged.
Nineteen-time winners Wigan Warriors will travel to local rivals and 2016 runners-up Warrington Wolves in the quarter-finals of the Challenge Cup.
Portuguese are celebrating the fact that an intimate love ballad in their language conquered a Eurovision song contest audience for the first time.
Declassified documents reveal concerns of the UK government 60 years ago that Rockall could become a base for spying on a missile test site.
Swansea City Under-23s have won their season's double after adding the Premier League Cup to their Premier League Two title.
Why are millions of women dropping out of work in India?
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson has made a prediction for all 380 Premier League games this season.
General Motors (GM) has announced that it will stop making cars for the Indian market by the end of 2017.
The World Championships medals that will be won in London this summer have been revealed, with a shape based on the curves of an athletics track.
Half a century ago millions of Chairman Mao's Red Guards gathered in rallies in Tiananmen Square to chant slogans and wave their red books of his quotations in a show of loyalty to the ideas of the "Great Helmsman".
The Rugby Players' Association has "unanimously rejected" proposals for an extended 10-month Premiership season.
Catalans Dragons have parted company with head coach Laurent Frayssinous.
Myanmar's military has rejected allegations by the United Nations that it committed atrocities during its crackdown on Rohingya Muslims last year.
Families of two men who died in prison have lost a High Court case related to the high rate of suicides there.
Leeds Rhinos ran in seven tries as they comfortably beat a poor Warrington Wolves side at Headingley.
In his new book Grave New World, Stephen King says: "For better or worse, China is simply too big to be ignored."
Four rowers from Northern Ireland in the Great Britain squad have advanced from the heats at the European Championships in Racice, Czech Republic.
Derek McInnes says his beaten Aberdeen players gave him the "near-perfect" Scottish Cup final performance he asked for but paid for an extra-long season.
The former home of Stoke City FC is to be redeveloped into 200 homes, a park and fields, the council says.
Senegal are through to the second round of the Under-20 World Cup in South Korea after a goalless draw with Ecuador.
Europe can no longer "completely depend" on the US and UK following the election of President Trump and Brexit, German Chancellor Angela Merkel says.
Great Britain suffered a setback as they lost both of their duels during the second day of racing in the America's Cup Qualifiers.
The 2017 Derby at Epsom will be the richest race ever staged in Britain after two horses were added as late entries at a cost of £85,000 each.
Up to 4,000 people in Wales could be affected if the Hoover pension scheme goes into the Pension Protection Fund (PPF), BBC Wales understands.
Craig Levein retains "high hopes" for Ian Cathro's Hearts tenure but says the club will seek to "repair the damage" of recent transfer windows.
Zambia coach Beston Chambeshi says his team is highly motivated for Wednesday's Fifa Under-20 World Cup tie against Germany.
Portsmouth defender Jack Whatmough has signed a new two-year contract.
National League side Woking have signed winger Bobson Bawling after his release by League Two Crawley Town.
British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland says he will not repeat Graham Henry's 2001 mistake by splitting the squad early in the tour.
Wales' Jamie Donaldson will take a two-shot lead into the third round of the Nordea Masters after carding a second successive 69 on Friday.
Benni McCarthy says his former Porto team-mate Bruno Alves is the perfect fit for Pedro Caixinha's Rangers.
Tanzania's Football Federation (TFF) president, Jamal Malinzi, has confirmed Zanzibar's fresh bid to become a member of Fifa.
After the bomb attacks on London in July 2005, Tony Blair summoned the media to Downing Street for a news conference.
England will face Italy in the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup in South Korea after a 1-0 victory over Mexico in Cheonan.
Newly-promoted National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed former Whitehawk striker Danny Mills.
Boxing promoter Eddie Hearn hopes to give Katie Taylor her American debut as a pro fighter in New York in July.
Worcestershire's teenage seamer Josh Tongue tore Glamorgan apart with five wickets as they fell to 76-6 in reply to the hosts' 267 all out at New Road.
A terminal cancer patient who has been told he has just months to live has conquered Mount Everest.
BBC Radio 5 live presenter Darren Fletcher is one of six appointments to Notts County's new board of directors.
Cincinnati's Scooter Gennett became the 17th player to hit four home runs in a Major League Baseball game in Tuesday's 13-1 win over St. Louis Cardinals.
Paralympic champions Jonnie Peacock, Hannah Cockroft, Richard Whitehead and Kadeena Cox are in the Great Britain squad for next month's World Para-Athletics Championships in London.
Spanish skateboarder Ignacio Echeverría, who died from Saturday's terror attacks in London, has been posthumously awarded one of Spain's highest honours.
US clothing brand Abercrombie and Fitch has attracted an online backlash with a tweet seen by many as implying Gay Pride is not just for gay people.
A boosted youth vote is believed to have contributed to Labour's shock election result, but what made young people turn out to vote?
A man has died after falling from a city centre statue late at night.
Heineken has been told to address fears that its purchase of around 1,900 pubs from Punch Taverns could affect competition in some areas.
Papiss Cisse led the tributes at a memorial for former Newcastle United team-mate Cheick Tiote in China.
Shopkeepers near the Isle of Wight's troubled new "floating bridge" have asked councillors to consider compensating them for loss of business.
A 92-year-old man has died in hospital after being hit by a car on Anglesey last week, police have confirmed.
Britain's Lois Toulson won European Championship gold in the 10m platform as she finalises her preparations for next month's World Championships.
Johnny Sexton has been preferred to Owen Farrell at fly-half for Saturday's British and Irish Lions match with the Maori All Blacks.
An inquest into the death of the Manchester suicide bomber heard how he was identified by DNA, fingerprint and dental records.
Welshman Craig Evans secured a unanimous points victory over Irishman Stephen Ormond to retain his WBO European lightweight title.
England beat New Zealand 29-21 in Rotorua to finish the International Women's Rugby Series unbeaten.
It was a disastrous afternoon on Sunday for North-West teams as all three lost in the second round of Irish Senior Cup so the quarter-finals will be contested by four from the NCU and four from Leinster.
Shutter Speed finished fourth and Rhododendron was pulled up by jockey Ryan Moore as Senga claimed victory at the Prix de Diane in Chantilly.
A man has been charged with three counts of possessing a bladed article in a public place.
Lock Rory Thornton says he is "champing at the bit" ahead of winning his first Wales cap against Samoa in Apia on Friday, 23 June.
An estimated 63,000 properties in north Lancashire were hit by a power cut, Electricity North West has said.
Lancashire moved up to second in the County Championship table after thrashing Hampshire by an innings and 30 runs at Old Trafford.
Indian police have dropped sedition charges against 15 Muslim men arrested for allegedly shouting "anti-India and pro-Pakistan" slogans during the Champions Trophy cricket final.
Lewis Hamilton says both he and his Mercedes team have to be more consistent if they are to beat Ferrari to the world championship this year.
League One club Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra defender Jon Guthrie on a two-year contract.
Celtic's potential Champions League qualifier with Irish Premiership champions Linfield has been pencilled in for Friday 14 July at Windsor Park.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has described UK plans to ensure the rights of EU citizens in Britain after Brexit as "a good start".
Leeds United have signed FC Twente midfielder Mateusz Klich for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Proceeds from the 2017 FA Community Shield will be donated to support those affected by the Grenfell Tower fire.
Walsall have signed goalkeeper Mark Gillespie on a two-year contract from Carlisle United on a free transfer.
It would seem like a typical Saturday morning with children jumping on climbing frames outside Swiss Cottage leisure centre in north London.
Rory Best will captain the British and Irish Lions for his side's next game against the Hurricanes in Wellington on Tuesday.
Millions of Muslims all around the world will be celebrating Eid al-Fitr this week to mark the end of Ramadan.
A car driver has been stopped by police on the motorway after driving at speeds of up to 132mph.
Cameroon's Confederations Cup campaign is over after a 3-1 defeat by Germany in their final Group B game on Sunday.
Ireland fought back from two goals down to beat Germany 4-2 and secure the Hamburg Masters title on Sunday.
Shrewsbury Town have signed teenage Reading defender Zak Jules for an undisclosed fee on a two-year contract.
Donegal's Mark English won the 800 metres as Ireland finished eighth in League One of the European Team Championships in Finland.
Reading forward Deniss Rakels has agreed to join Lech Poznan in Poland on a season-long loan deal.
An inquiry has begun after cladding removed from a tower block in Sheffield was found to be different to what council bosses had asked to be fitted.
Leyton Orient have appointed former chief executive Matt Porter to their board of directors following Nigel Travis' takeover on 22 June.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark 20 years since the territory was handed back to China by Britain.
An ancient formation discovered within a Neolithic stone circle in Wiltshire is actually a square.
National League side Ebbsfleet have signed Wycombe winger Myles Weston on a free transfer.
Ulster-Scots is a language which has been part of life here since the first Scots planters arrived in Ulster in the 17th Century.
It was the look between the midwife and her husband that Victoria Hughes remembers.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) is leading a £250m investment to improve grassroots facilities.
Mae dyn busnes o Fodedern ar Ynys Môn yn honni y bydd ei fusnes yn colli miloedd o bunnoedd yn ystod yr wythnos pan fydd yr Eisteddfod Genedlaethol yn ymweld â'r ardal.
Derry ran out of steam in extra time in the qualifier against Mayo as last year's beaten All-Ireland finalists survived a nervy Castlebar test.
League Two side Luton Town have signed midfielder Andrew Shinnie on a season-long loan from Birmingham City.
Bydd Geraint Thomas yn gwisgo crys melyn y Tour de France unwaith eto ddydd Llun er nad enillodd ail gymal y ras.
A drone flying close to Gatwick Airport led to the closure of the runway and forced five flights to be diverted.
Linfield secured a money-spinning Champions League tie against Celtic as a goalless draw in San Marino earned a 1-0 aggregate win over La Fiorita.
England defender Alex Scott has signed a new contract with Arsenal Ladies.
A slightly odd, temporary glitch in the Nasdaq saw the share price of several major tech firms all set to the same price.
Hundreds of cartoonists from around the world have taken part in a competition in Iran attacking Donald Trump.
Glasgow City Council will consider banning future Orange Order marches after footage showed members of the public chanting a sectarian song.
Macclesfield Town have signed midfielder Scott Burgess on a season-long loan deal from League One club Bury.
Shell is removing life-sized cardboard cutouts of a female employee from all of its Malaysian petrol stations after "distasteful" images appeared online.
All photographs courtesy dronestagr.am.
Teenage racing driver Billy Monger has returned to the racing track, almost three months after he was badly hurt in a crash.
The head of Chinese online search giant Baidu is being investigated, after riding in one of the firm's driverless cars on a Beijing ring-road.
Rangers have signed Scotland midfielder Graham Dorrans from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
Port Vale have completed the signing of striker Tyrone Barnett from AFC Wimbledon on a two-year deal.
A wonky cycle path sign that appeared in the Lincolnshire market town of Sleaford last weekend caused much mirth among local residents, who described it as looking like a penny farthing - albeit one with angular wheels.
Sheffield United have signed Fulham defender Richard Stearman for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
League Two side Crawley Town have signed striker Thomas Verheydt from Dutch second-tier side MVV Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
Defending champion Andy Murray won a thrilling third-round contest against Italy's Fabio Fognini at Wimbledon as darkness fell around Centre Court.
Thousands of Orangemen and women have taken part in their annual parade in Rossnowlagh in County Donegal.
Motorcyclists have claimed they have been banned from a pub chain which recently barred swearing.
Scotland will have 13 athletes at the London 2017 World Championships - almost double the previous best total.
After an unbelievable year Johanna Konta is one of the favourites to win the Wimbledon 2017 ladies title.
Mesut Ozil says he wants to stay at Arsenal and will discuss his future with the club after a pre-season tour of Australia and China.
Shay Logan says Derek McInnes' decision to turn down Sunderland - rather than his own family situation - persuaded him to extend his stay with Aberdeen.
The Scottish and Welsh governments have threatened to block the key Brexit bill which will convert all existing EU laws into UK law.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor continued to trade insults on the second day of a media tour to promote their Las Vegas fight in August.
Hibernian's Neil Lennon hopes pre-season results are a prelude to Scottish League Cup success while Motherwell's Stephen Robinson will look to improve on results over the summer.
A prisoner is to go on trial accused of attacking a doctor at a hospital with a razor blade.
Dundee United have signed their second goalkeeper in a week by bringing in Harry Lewis on loan from Southampton.
League One side Wimbledon have signed Millwall midfielder Jimmy Abdou on a season-long loan deal.
Macclesfield have signed striker Tyrone Marsh on a one-year contract after he left National League rivals Dover.
Leeds Rhinos prop Keith Galloway will miss the rest of the season after rupturing his Achilles tendon in the Super League win over Hull FC.
Sevilla have signed Spain forward Nolito from Manchester City on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee, reported to be £7.9m.
A leading Liverpool fans' group has warned members they need to discuss the issue of safe standing or risk "the conversation happening around them".
Featherstone Rovers have appointed John Duffy as head coach following the departure of Jon Sharp.
For months, it's been the joint mantra from both Dublin and London - that after Brexit, the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland should be as "seamless and frictionless as possible".
From the terrace of his winery near the baroque town of Caltagirone in south-eastern Sicily, Cesare Nicodemo surveys his fields of ripening vines - a glass of his finest spumante in hand.
Crusaders have brought in former Bristol Rovers defender Mark McChrystal on a one-year deal.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned the European Union's "crazy" approach to dealing with his country.
Winger Carlos de Pena has left Middlesbrough after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
Students will have formal contracts with universities, so they can challenge them over too few teaching hours or if facilities are inadequate, says Universities Minister Jo Johnson.
The Duchess of Cambridge tried her hand at conducting a prestigious symphony orchestra on the final day of the royal tour of Germany.
Donegal are hoping the momentum they have gained through the qualifier series can carry them through to the All Ireland quarter-finals.
A petrochemical company is threatening legal action over the National Trust's refusal to allow testing for shale gas on its land.
Queen's University in Belfast has been awarded more than £8m in research funding from an EU cross-Irish border scheme.
Commonwealth Games hopefuls Emma Mitchell and Adam Kirk-Smith both clinched gold medals on the opening day of the Irish Championships at Santry.
Wakefield Trinity have signed hooker Tyler Randell from NRL side Newcastle Knights on a two-year contract from the start of the 2018 season.
When the attack came, it took hold quickly and brought a screeching halt to many businesses across Ukraine.
Southend United will give striker Nile Ranger a chance to relaunch his career when he is released from prison.
Canada has revoked the citizenship for the fourth time of a 93-year-old man who has admitted to being a former Nazi death squad member.
Kayne McClaggon scored twice as Barry Town United beat League Two Newport County 2-0 at Jenner Park.
The US Senate has failed to pass a Republican proposal to repeal President Barack Obama's signature healthcare policy without replacing it.
A stretch of river is being searched in an attempt to find the weapon used to kill a businessman who was shot at his home in Dorset.
Nottingham Forest have signed Andreas Bouchalakis on a three-year contract after the midfielder impressed during pre-season with the Championship side.
Chelsea defender Michael Hector has joined Hull City on a season-long loan, the 14th loan spell of his career.
Former Swansea City boss Bob Bradley has been named as the first manager of MLS team Los Angeles FC.
Israeli forces and Palestinians have clashed in East Jerusalem, the occupied West Bank and Gaza after weeks of friction over a Jerusalem holy site.
Birmingham City will face a "difficult" season if they cannot sign new players this week, says manager Harry Redknapp.
Paris-St Germain have completed their deal to sign Neymar from Barcelona for 222m euros (£198m).
Alex Hales made a breathtaking 95 off 30 balls as Notts Outlaws piled up the highest Powerplay score in Twenty20 history in beating Durham Jets.
Forward Alan Forsyth hopes playing in front of a home crowd will boost Scotland's chances at this month's Men's EuroHockey Championships II.
Cameron Steel and Tom Latham shared a 234-run first-wicket stand as both scored centuries to help Durham dominate against Leicestershire.
Moeen Ali's thrilling, unbeaten 67 cemented England's stronghold over South Africa on day three of the final Test at Old Trafford.
Colchester United have signed winger Kyel Reid on loan until January from League Two rivals Coventry City.
Stoke City have signed Cameroon winger Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting on a three-year deal after his contract ran out at German club Schalke.
Great Britain has selected 17 crews for the World Rowing Championships in Florida.
Italian Serie A side Atalanta have re-signed midfielder Marten De Roon from Middlesbrough for an undisclosed fee, 14 months after selling him to Boro.
League Two club Cheltenham Town have signed Hibernian striker Brian Graham on a free transfer.
Hampshire spun their way to an eight-wicket victory over T20 Blast South Group leaders Glamorgan at Southampton.
Joe Cardle grabbed a double as Dunfermline got the better of nine-man Falkirk to continue their impressive start to the Championship campaign.
The annual Apprentice Boys demonstration has taken place in Londonderry.
Mo Farah missed out on a fifth major championships distance double in a row as he finished second in the 5,000m at the World Athletics Championships.
Hockey Wales head of performance Dan Clements believes the men's promotion to Europe's top tier will help transform the sport in Wales.
Danish police believe that a submarine at the centre of an investigation into a missing Swedish journalist was deliberately sunk.
A lioness rescued from a zoo in the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo has given birth just hours after arriving at a wildlife park in Jordan.
A consultation into improvements on the A27 has been dubbed "a sham" by council leaders.
Barnsley boss Paul Heckingbottom says Huddersfield Town target Andy Yiadom will not be considered for selection while he is "in limbo".
Goals from Demarai Gray, Islam Slimani (2) and Ahmed Musa took Leicester past Championship side Sheffield United and into the EFL Cup third round.
Leeds Rhinos saw off the soon-to-be demolished iconic South Stand with an error-strewn win over St Helens.
The High Court has dismissed two cases challenging Northern Ireland's ban on same-sex marriage.
A ship excavation is expected to reveal a "treasure trove" of items and stories from Europe's global trading history.
A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.
The African Nations Championship (CHAN) holders, the Democratic Republic of Congo, failed to qualify for the 2018 finals in Kenya following a shock elimination by Congo Brazzaville.
Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of Warwickshire in all formats of the game to focus on batting.
Sweden's Henrik Stenson won the Wyndham Championship to claim his first title since The Open at Royal Troon last year.
US President Donald Trump is expected to indicate later that he is sending more troops to Afghanistan, prolonging a war-weary America's longest conflict.
Mansfield Town have signed striker Kane Hemmings from League One club Oxford United on a season-long loan.
Italy's Matteo Trentin sprinted to victory on stage four of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain's Chris Froome retained the leader's red jersey.
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram has signed for Adelaide Strikers and will play in Australia's Big Bash competition for the first time.
Derbyshire captain Gary Wilson has said his side will be back in contention for T20 Finals Day next season after their quarter-final defeat to Hampshire.
A pilot escaped without injury after making an emergency landing in his light aircraft next to a river in North Yorkshire.
Tal Afar, about 55km (35 miles) to the west of Mosul, was always going to be next on the "to do" list for Iraqi forces.
New Zealand racer Bruce Anstey continued to set the pace in the fourth qualifying session at the Isle of Man Festival of Motorcycling.
Britain's Johanna Konta said it was "tough to take" as she headed home from the US Open after just one day following defeat by Aleksandra Krunic.
